# Bottled from Municipal Sources

One thing that's played a huge part in my open-source radicalization since high school was realizing that pretty much all commercial software innovation is like bottled water. Its substance is enabled by innovations from academia, produced by engineers working in the general interest, and made available by law to the general public. Commercial enterprises then take this, maybe throw in a few unhealthy trace additives, and slap a shiny label and price tag on it. When youdo more than the most basic, unquestioning work in the field, it's not like this is a high-concept conjecture: an awareness of these municipal origins is unavoidable, because you're constantly in contact with it (from IETF RFCs to GNU man pages).

It's why Ajit Pai calling the Internet a "free market innovation" damn near gives me a fucking stroke.

And one of the things that makes me most upset about this - I know this isn't a phenomenon unique to these two domains. It's everywhere, from physical shipping that's only possible due to FAA coordination and national highways, to Wal-Mart actively tutoring their employees in applying for food stamps. And they pull it off, because we let them, because of bullshit PR firms and lobbies. We've let them make conspicuous consumption cool, and made admitting the behind-the-scenes shameful - we don't acknowledge that so many of the working class are fed by the state, because it's not on our minds, because we've made it taboo to speak of publically.

It's so fucked up that the capitalist bullshit spin machine has managed to cultivate the populace into taking all aspects of modern existence enabled by the state for granted and fixating on those who exploit it most thanklessly as the heroes, as if the bottlers *made* the water they sell.
