# Development Toolchain Arc

Isn't there an aphorism about a carpenter honly being as good as his tools, but also only a bad carpenter *blames* his tools?

Egh, whatever, point is, your coding could be better with some better programs.

## A Nice Hex Editor

You know what would be nice? If most hex editors let you just easily define a format to visualize the bytes you're seeing in.

- [ ] Spec a JSON schema for Bytewise Abstract Sequence Trees (BAST).
  - [ ] Maybe look at Wireshark's structure for Dissectors.
  - [ ] Look at how minified JS / WASM do source maps for at least a few common parameter names/types.
- [ ] See what widgets there are out there for hex selection.
- [ ] Model the UI.
  - [ ] There should be N user-configurable panes, which can nest in tree structures if relevant, that are meant to display a cursor on the same data. Maybe there can be another interface for cursors.
  - [ ] for instance, "Bitmap View" (or "Indexed Bitmap View"), including by partial bytes (including single bits, if desired) would show all the bytes (given a certain alignment)
  - [ ] All UIs need to be ready to display and highlight any subsequence,
    - [ ] Specified in spans into the bits (but only by specifying eighths of a byte)
    - [ ] Must be able to illustrate selected / hovered spans
    - [ ] Cursor position (in terms of its own UI to sequences/positions, and in terms of visualizing a moving cursor position)
    - [ ] Things that lie on clean boundaries should be distinguished from the opposite
  - [ ] Views may be given invalid data: they need to figure out a way to visualize that as close to intelligibly as possible

## Kicking Off with Wayside

- [ ] Do a quick look-over of how `c9` does its stuff to see what lower-on-the-stack stuff can be shared.

## Refactor Plushu

[Plushu][]'s still a great system, but it's also still burdened by weird unnecessary assumptions about its environment that kind of melted on from being a lift from so much of Dokku.

- [ ] Split the Plushu core into multiple component parts.
- [ ] Move all the existing Plughu plugins to their own project.

[Plushu]: 10cfcf6f-df6f-4f83-9f17-6a43a43c15e6.md
