# 3D Printing Upgrade Arc

Most of the quests in this arc are independent.

## One Less Resistor in the Circuit

You've been paying Amazon retailers for filament of unknown provenance for too long. Pretty soon, you'll have paid the entire cost of what one of these machines would have cost to buy (if you haven't already): for that, you probably could have extruded it yourself for a third of the cost. (It'd probably be for the best to not try doing the math on that until you can safely put those days behind you.)

Completing this quest will unlock Fully Reliably Reproducable Print Recipes, where the entire construction of a print, from chemical form to extrusion, is fully documented, and can be altered independently.

It will also unlock full material and color control, including reuse of recycled material as a component.

It will also unlock significantly cheaper filament on demand.

- [ ] Get a Filastruder Kit.

## Multi-Material Upgrade

Remember when you bought that whole goofy Replicator 2X clone because you wanted to be able to print multiple materials? And then it turned out that dual extrusion is a massive headache to work with? And then you bought this MK3 because this seemed a lot more like how you were thinking you'd expect multi-material to work, and you were getting all these different kinds of material that you'd like to swap more readily between anyway, and yeah your printer's really incomplete without this.

- [ ] Get the Multi-Material Upgrade Kit
  - [ ] Place an order from the Prusa store (maybe wait and see if there's a deal on Black Friday?)
  - [?] Wait until your order ships, some time next year.

## Sharpiecore

There's a recipe for [using Sharpies to color filament](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:312327) on Thingiverse, but you can think of some enhancements that would make this better...

Completing this quest will unlock Sharpie Print Colors.

- [ ] Thread some PLA through a cored Sharpie.

## Retooling

There are some cool tutorials about how you can rework your Prusa as a plotter or laser cutter. Maybe you could do something like that...

Completing this quest will potentially unlock 2D Plotting, 2D Cutting, and Laser Etching.

- [ ] Redesign the Prusa's X carriage to more easily detach from the extruder assembly.
- [ ] Redesign the Prusa fan bracket to clip into the extruder assembly without screws.

## The Little Dimmer

Your printer's backlight was too dim, so you fixed it by introducing a trimpot to the LED circuit - but isn't there a better way?

- [x] Order a new RepRap Discount board and a bag of sockets.
- [x] Fix the RRD board to work with your Prusa by flipping the pin housings.
- [x] Test that fix by running a print or two with the board.
- [x] Cut the trace to the backlight.
- [x] Epoxy a socket to bridge the connection through a custom circuit.
- [x] Solder the socket.
- [x] Place a trimpot in the socket.
- [x] Print new parts for your modified board in translucent PETG.
- [ ] Make a refined version of the dimmer circuit that's more sophisticated than a trimpot just sitting awkwardly in a socket on the board.
  - [ ] Complete the "A Little Jig" and/or "Better Than a Breadboard" quests to unlock the techniques necessary to run the circuit off a small ESP8266 (so it can be IOT-controlled).
  - [ ] Progress on the "Conductivity" quest to open up a 3D Printed Linear Trimpot as a potential design option.
  - [ ] Remember that you can do both: an ESP that reads the trimpot for the PWM value it spits to the LED, unless a REST command overrides it, in which case the solution is to jank the slider to "wake" manual control back

## A New Stack

Pshh. This 3D print software isn't so impressive. You could do all that, easy.

Completing this quest will potentially unlock all sorts of inventive new 3D print features, specifically around having print jobs execute from SD directly from your slicer (which could be web-based).

- [ ] Look at the Slic3r codebase to see how hard it'd be to port to JS.
- [ ] Complete the "Refactoring Plushu" quest to have a decent basis for an OctoPrint replacement.
