# Merch ideas

## Cards to the Left!

Maybe rebrand for closer alignment to this act?

## Catchphrases! For T-shirts!

### Bell Ahoy Hoy

If you can make this look like an album cover that'd be so cool

### I Breathe Fire

I'm thinking a good way to do this would be with my adorable little face, slight lipstick and all, and "I breathe fire" is like half the size of it

### Thank you for coming to my comedy show

(autograph goes here)

### The Clapper

You could do a drawing of a grizzled, tired Clapper, at a switchboard for Lights, looking tirelessly at the audience with its hand over a big button that just says "Off"

This one's even funny if you *haven't* seen my comedy show! This is how The Clapper actually works when you're watching TV.

### Tuxedo tee with the Almasrah Mufakakh tie

on the back, it can have the translation in parentheses

### Just fucking illustrations of *me*, man

Me, in the skirt, with the purses, and the makeup, and the shades, just fucking kicking back and vaping at a bus stop.

### Rebecca Can't Rest

This feels a tad gauche for me to produce and sell (though I'd certainly donate all the profits to an organization for women in tech), but I would *love* to see some men in tech - *especially* fucking Amazon - wear this shirt (it'd be purple, of course).

### The DSA.FYI Parts List

I mean, fuck, right, why not? I did write the thing, and this show is going to get mentioned in Bells (after realizing that Bell is such an important part of this act, I realized I *have* to do it).
