# Daredevil reboot or whatever

I'm loosely familiar with the main characters of Daredevil (some through their mentions in the Big Book of Spider-Man which I *have* read), but I've never read a Daredevil comic. I've seen the Ben Affleck movie, and the first couple seasons of the Netflix show.

It's a cool concept that I think has legs, all right?

## Characters

### Matt Murdock (Daredevil)

Cocky yet humble.

### Winton Fisk (Kingpin)

Kingpin is every bullied kid's fantasy: he never retaliates the way he was bullied. He plans, he crafts, and he finds a way to thoroughly, *thoroughly* gain the upper hand, by routing through every support his enemies thought they had.

Kingpin believes that he's like Luke Skywalker in the post-Jedi stories, having found the perfect mix of light and dark, and most of it being light. He believes that there is potential for meaning in everybody's life, and that love is almost always what is needed; however, he also believes that sometimes, there simply isn't enough love to overcome what could be much more neatly

There's a very important note I want to make here, and that's that the things Kingpin "believes" about himself aren't supposed to be warped justifications. He has a pretty sound argument for all his positions, and as I said, his darkness is measured. Kingpin's evil is seductive, in the truest way evil can seduce: it sounds like justice.

---

Mach Silver's one of the highest-paid men in mass media, he's in town and ripe for the picking, and you're cool settling for me handing you his wallet, without even any cash inside?

Silver's a heel.

Ah! But the highest-paid heel in all of America!

(kingpin starts to set up a heist, but the kid tries to snake him, gets a crushed trachea by Mach Silver

### Elektra

I can't tell you off the top of my head what the defining characteristics of a character like Elektra is, other than that she's like the only strong female character in Daredevil, and she uses sai.

So, I've filled in what I think would be an interesting foil for the rest of the characters in this mix. Basically, my starting point for Elektra is Quint from Jaws, which is to say, it's Captain Ahab.

Elektra's white whale is someone in mainland China (or maybe the Phillipines?) who murdered everyone she knew when she was five years old (under Duterte?). Obviously, she had no idea what was going on, and was found by rescuers who

Elektra yearns deeply and strongly for revenge, but at the same time, she recognizes how absurd pursuing it would be: some nameless thug whose face she only half-remembers, on the other side of the world, years after having overcome the obstacles he put in her way - in living well, having already gotten what many call the best revenge.

But her whale still roams.

### Foggy

I liked the Netflix Foggy

### Frank Castle (Punisher)

fuck this guy

## Themes

- Perspective
- Contrition
- [Punishment][]
- Justice
- Revenge

### Violence

One theme to explore is what *constitutes* violence, and to what ends this violence is enacted. Is there ever a time where violence truly was the only way?

Fisk thinks he knows the answer to this question, and that, while it's usually yes, sometimes it's "no". Fisk believes that he's built the skillset and unique insight into the nature of mankind that gives him the clarity to perceive exactly what is possible.

Matt thinks it's unknowable, that the consequences of our actions are too complicated for anybody to ever fully see anything in its totality.

[Punishment]: 07297f52-43cb-48b8-981e-e222e05e7a16.md
