# Mindfulness Quests

It's a lot easier to progress in just about any quest with a clear and healthy mind.

Many of these quests are about altering your environment to facilitate forming healthy habits.

## Everything I Know

The clearest way to make sure you've really internalized lessons in how to meditate effectively and how to do other things like that is to write down some notes on how to do it and share thme in here, like the rest of the notes.

- [ ] Start a page for notes about what you've found or heard in the realm of mindfulness.
  - [ ] Maybe sprout / add this page from Musings / Meditations?
- [ ] Weird meta beat: should there be another axis for "plans for the general direction of how this is a thing I'd like to write about" for pages?
  - [ ] Like, should this quest (specifically "write about mindfulness") be up in the Meta arc (because the quest is to write in Barfspace)?
    - [ ] Would that make more sense if these arcs were split into separate pages?

## Sharpening One's Self

Here's just a general quest about things I should look into fixing.

If I've got some ideas for how I could tackle them, they can split off to their own quests.

- [ ] My back hurts, and I think the itchiness I'm feeling might just be nerve sensations from bad spinal jazz.
- [ ] I really need to get my sleep shit on lock.

## Stickers, Post-Its, Posters, and Reminders

This is just a big list of little prompts that I think could help put me on track. Look at me, I'm a middle school classroom.

I'm not a big fan of doing these on a schedule, but having them in an Oblique Strategies like fortune file or something like that might not be a bad idea.

- [ ] Write some things on post-its and put 'em on your monitor:
  - [ ] "Slow Down, Be Kind"
  - [ ] "Feeling stuck? Breathe"

## The Breathe Timer

This would be a nice non-intrusive but omnipresent way of reminding me when I should take a break from everything and let my brain have a cool-down.

- [ ] See if you can develop an egg-timer-like little racehorse on a track or whatever that just silently drifts to the right over the course of like half an hour, and when it gets to the end it gradually lights a lightbulb.

## Minding Your Supplements

- [ ] Build some kind of daily (week by week?) pill prompt for vitamins and supplements.
