# wayside barfspace

https://unusual.studio/projects/#bdca5753-ed0c-453b-9c21-699e8c45d0e8

TODO: model workspace/layout/view/tree/driver/derivation/connection/instance relationship (workspace/workview/worktree)?

## and then I went ahead and did it

(warning, it was late and I was tired, so there's really bad structure to this, these are notes)

workspace to tree is 1:1 - every instance is meant to have an interchangeable tree with every other instance within the same workspace (for the sake of files open in views). maybe this shared abstract view could be called the "worktree" to distinguish it from the tree within an instance, but I think that's overloading a term that already gets heavy use in git

in other words, a workspace is a collection of instances (or, you know, just the configuration for connecting to / opening one instance, because that's just the n=1 case) that are expected to be able to share layouts.

instance is a live persistent runtime environment facilitated by a driver

workspace to instance is one-to-many. a server may define and host multiple workspaces, but these workspaces are all considered "separate instances" that just share a driver and some configuration options.

(in other words, an instance is a server, and a workspace is a game. You can't just jump into Team Fortress 2 and connect to Counter-Strike, and a workspace can't connect to an instance for a different workspace.)

i'm thinking "layouts" are like the skeletons of "views", where a "view" is an instance of a "layout" (most layouts, however, being ephemeral), with specific buffer content (or terminals or whatever) specific to the instance as another aspect of that view

the layout is the high-level specification of what's in the UI

layouts can start from a template (and these templates can migrate from workspace to workspace), but stuff like tabs are kept in "layout" the same as toolbars.

a view is like a window, but persistent. it takes the layout and connects it up to all the things

multiple views can share the same layout on the same instance, but due to the properties that are specific to a layout, it wouldn't be expected that there'd be much difference (the way that you don't generally open two instances of an editor for the same file). more likely, you'd instantiate a new connection to that view.

in fact, you know what, let's go ahead and say that instances have no concept of layouts, outside of the layout currently specified for the view. (there may be something defined within the view or instance's tree to *switch* layouts)

where a view lives (ie. if another client would be able to connect to the "same" view on that instance) is determined as a configuration property of your driver's configuration for that instance (ie. the instance's setup). so, like, collaboration might be multiple-clients-connected-to-the-server, but it also might be p2p with people conneecting to the "main developer", and these...

so, there's drivers, but multiple drivers can share a backend. drivers essentially just specify an interaction paradigm, a mode of operation for keeping the client UI and instance in sync (even when the client can't connect to the server, for drivers that are designed to work across the network).

derivations are specific to your client (which may be defined and/or sychonrized by some kind of extensions slipstreamed by your server, you know, the way web apps are), and they specify everything that holds for that client across workspaces, you know, all the packages and stuff.

I guess that really means that, like, users have a package{,-lock}.json on each client, essentially?

and how the client handles managing derivations is up to it

no, okay, yeah, we can do better than package.json, we'll have a list of packages (that must include subresource integrity all the way down) to import, each exporting as default an initialization function that takes the client driver instance object and a (must be declarative JSON) options object

instance data like views aren't *required* to live in the worktree, but when they do, they have to adhere to the same structure (though the data within and around that structure, like in unspeced and unreserved names, can vary from driver to driver)

using names that aren't specced works like this: use a prefix specific to your driver, and then we'll work out something later to see if there's a more general data structure that could be applicable across more drivers

## pondering

what about stuff like credentials? should that have to be a part of the settings in a derivation?

I'll let client modules handle that as an ephemeral thing

## settled

so these are kind of all the abstractions that are within scope for wayside as far as I'm concerned, abstractions that drivers need to agree about - I'm not getting too deep in the weeds about how clients and/or servers can structure their data for managing these (like how one might replicate, present, provision, and/or synchronize a matrix of workspaces and instances) at this point: those details should be workable in a number of different ways, but this is what they need structurally

derivations needed to be specced though because that's the very base all client implementations need to share. everything else can be swapped around piecemeal, but declarative immutability is not a genie you can let out of the bottle and hope to get back without a codebase schism.

## a question arises: view migration across instances

so, like, if I'm on my remote machine, and I've got some buffers I didn't save, and I want to move to my local instance and keep the buffers, since those views are tied to different instances, how do I make the cross-instance/cross-driver jump?

I guess that kind of handoff to other drivers has to be a function of the driver

similar to this would be the question of synchronizing the file tree across instances for files not tracked in verson control or whatever. Another thing I think might be good for a driver detail: let one keep a local copy of the remote tree structure that it can update, and let that be something that can maybe be redeployed by the driver reaching into its data for other instances, to other instances with compatible driver interfaces?

## thoughts of someone who never went to school for this

oh my god is this what model/view/controller is supposed to be like, I still think it's a dumb paradigm

## wow it's really late and I'm really tired

I just remembered that this is what I reserved unusual.studio planning to set up on it. derp. guess it'll just have to be, like, unusual.studio/ide is a link to a wayside derivation that I use for workspaces I'm gonna do on Unusual Studio? idk
