# Barfspace Implementation and Tooling Quests

This should be squared with [bagtent plans][] which is just sort of like a loose jot-down space of ideas I've had for bagtent stuff

whereas this is about tools that aren't necessarily bagtent things (like the Git autocommit shotclock, or CI), and a series of clear to-do lists

[bagtent plans]: ba00b8cb-9d05-4aef-bd50-0990f82dd723.md

See also [Operations][] and [Visions][].

[Operations]: a3f1fbb2-28c2-43b2-950d-6d5b7af7cd64.md
[Visions]: a8c1b237-886b-4169-88ff-9e52bc1dbcf2.md

## Developing Your Bagtent Tools

- [ ] Start moving on some of what's outlined in [bagtent plans][].
- [ ] See if you can't find some pre-existing Markdown linter that will prevent a page from, say, getting committed with dangling link references (I don't think I need to hijack the rig code for this, but I probably could).
  - [ ] You know a tool I could really use? One that can detect when I've got a runon sentence left dangling.
    - It'd be funny if the thing that gets me to fully fall down on the side of punctuation for style, as I mused about in at least one Meta Collection post, would be that ending sentences with punctuation
    - [ ] Think about a format to denote "I can't write it all out right now but here's a few words that'll definitely fit in
      - [ ] See if this might make sense in some kind of context in the Alphabi-like encoder described below.
      - [ ] A linter that just catches... places where I've left these caret-jump-markers without a jog-your-memory bit (so, like, a grep invocation) would probably be enough to ease, like, 90% of the anxiety I have over incomplete commits
      - [ ] some way of auto-adding "I don't think you got where you're going" markers, or some analytics on my behavior when writing, might give some insight / help here
      - [ ] If this becomes a common convention it'd definitely become a thing we have to mention in the barfspace style guide / welcome wagon or whatever thing explains what all the weird local colloquialisms and jargon and whatever is. it'd also have to be like a hip trendy listening post registry bulletin about the latest slang, too? eh this is kind of into the weeds
- [ ] this should probably be an issue, but since I haven't committed this code yet iirc: `bagtent-top-links`, despite all my attempts to make it case-insensitive, still appears to be showing me two separate entires for `Quests` and `quests`, should look into why that'd be

[bagtent plans]: ba00b8cb-9d05-4aef-bd50-0990f82dd723.md

## Bagtent Publisher

This is a specific tool aimed at making website building as easy as buing a pack of Post-It notes and a marker.

That last line is a great vision statement, especially attainable if you attach something like the IPFS quests after this one so that providing hosting doesn't have to be a single party's concern.

It overlaps a bit with the goals and philosophy of penciltape, and might make sense as a layer / paradigm around its use (like, the default layout has a "content" directory, and there's a button to create a new page by UUID, and penciltape can have use for all these other UI affordances, like maybe there's a way to make filenames second-class relative to the first line and subsequent content, like how GMail presents email subjects / bodies).

- [ ] Build something that will let people just start publishing markdown to a URL as a website, without having to give pages names or anything, and just relying on web UI affordances to the same ends as the Bagtent scripts (ie. search, maybe some kind of keystroke / menu option for "Spawn...")
  - [ ] Is there a layer we can drop on top of GitHub Pages?
    - [ ] I've been thinking there are a couple other projects I could accomplish with an overlay over a common codebase for this, like hubstrap
    - [ ] "Local buffers that autocommit under certain JS condition tests and then immediately push" would be a cool Wayside configuration that could effectively work like this
      - [ ] and if I write all the bagtent CLI in Node, which I probably won't do, I could run this in the browser
      - [ ] Well, a mix of JS and shell scripts might work
        - what's that JS-based Bash clone thing that one guy made who made Vorpal or whatever, I wanna say Cash?
  - [ ] Would this make sense for NeoCities?
- [ ] Hell, even just a Markdown editor with a bookmarks pad (I know I wrote this one somewhere) and a preview mode that can edit after following a link would be gangbusters
  - [ ] I mean, hell, even just an editor with a parser that lets me, say, ctrl+click a linked word in Markdown to parse and follow the link
  - it's a shame that the blocking element from just building this on the web platform would have to be the Git angle
  - working out even a basic interface to that with something like just a local thing to dispatch Git commands in a container... wouldn't work on chromebooks unless they support container platform, so that's out
  - [ ] do up a Lean Notes page about the state of doing Git stuff in JS
    - Complete the "Merging Lean Notes" quest for this goal to not make you feel really messy-outside-of-the-messy-zone.

## An IPFS Publishing Cloud

- [ ] Is there a Neocities-like app for pushing content straight to the cloud?
- [ ] This would make sense as a service for Clusterhood users. Progress on the Clusterhood arc to lay groundwork for a production implementation of this idea.
- [ ] Would there be a more sensible way to structure Barfspace for IPFS? Like maybe instead of UUIDs under content it's just a bunch of IPNS names?
  - [ ] Does IPNS scale like that? (Quest-meta-question: is it cool to just list questions as checkboxes? I feel like an answer needs more than a "check", but I guess that's the job of adding further list items that aren't checks?)
    - On that meta-question, I think peppering in non-quest-items as list items was supposed to be an integral part of how quest progression was supposed to be denoted, at one late-in-bed furious-braincrevice-digging thing or otherwise buried thought process that I'm starting to recover, how list items can be used to give periodic updates on progress
- [ ] Your questions on this arc are going to be kind of dumb if you don't resovle the quest about diving into learning more (and taking notes, which means figuring out a plan for Lean Notes)

## Barfspace Tools and CI

Remember back when Barfspace auto-committed, and how you've stopped running it in the migration to bagtent because you don't want the repository committing with unreachable posts? Let's fix that.

- [ ] Progress on the "Developing Your Bagtent Tools" quest to unlock solutions to tasks here.
- [x] Write the bagtent-orphans script.
  - You used the bagtent-orphans script to make sure you weren't forgetting any files you'd created before making a commit. Nice job!
- [ ] Write a new git-slum-like script that just describes changes in terms of total bytes across files.
- [ ] Add a feature to the shotclock script that lets it hold off on running the shotclock when a test command fails.
- [ ] Hell, just a Markdown editor with a preview pane that lets you open other files by link would be hugely helpful (GNOME: wrong list)

## The Old Rig-and-Lint Game

Make tools that make the links nice and pretty.

- [ ] Start some kind of linter.
- [ ] Start earnest work on the bagtent-rig script.
  - [ ] Hook into bagtent-top-links.
  - [ ] Write up the menu that's probably specced on the bagtent plans page somewhere.
