# Stuart P. Bentley: The Unconvincing Truth

A comedy of misunderestimation. (Anybody who thinks that's a malapropism here, original or not, underestimates me.)

**DON'T READ THESE NOTES, SEE THE SHOW.** This is just where I'm writing stuff that I'll need to rehearse before doing it, planning out materials, stuff like that.

Seriously. Don't read these notes. A *lot* of the act (over half ot it) is in the delivery, and if you're not me, reading these notes will give you the wrong idea.

- [Bell Operator's Manual][BELL]
- [All the fucking Star Trek references][Darmok]
- [Cued Responses and other Loose Material][Trimshake]
- [All the things I'm coming out of the closet as][Closet]
- [Special Thanks][thank]
- [Samples, Copyright, Influences and Inspirations][copy]
- [The Cult of Comedy, Cults, and Comedies][cult]
- [Off the Cuff][cuff]
- [The Well of Souls][Well]
- [The culmination of seven years of therapy is that I can say the most stuck-up and stupid thing I can possibly imagine saying][IQ]
- [An Atheist, a Rape Victim, a Rabbi, and a Priest Hiding in a Church on 9/11][oof]
- [MOICHANDISING!][Yogurt]
- [Self-Destructive Sequences][destruct]
- [The Arecibo Notes][Arecibo]
- [Sciencey Thoughts on the Arts][SCIENCE] (this isn't necessarily an Unconvincing Truth thing, this is kind of just some rambling)
- [Special offer on tickets for Zillow employees!][zillow]

[BELL]: d42ba86b-1a2c-48ef-847a-eeec24c6d3ba.md
[Darmok]: 2cb4c2d4-f950-446e-9c31-0a8a23770843.md
[Trimshake]: 996a5038-cb9a-43d8-9e97-c5a94c7e7f60.md
[Closet]: 30a48869-6e72-43ec-852e-2792510470d9.md
[thank]: 475b2009-17ee-47e8-9e3e-c5c7043608a7.md
[copy]: fd652cf7-7be2-433f-9893-2a2994e3c433.md
[cult]: a7dde721-d7cb-437a-8497-f0c0f011756a.md
[cuff]: b6d24e0e-5b36-45da-9dd8-8febe44cfb77.md
[well]: 7c9e0f68-d7d4-4303-991d-f38d4153b089.md
[oof]: ad21c8c2-36f5-446b-9ddd-19d633cb6b60.md
[Yogurt]: 15d1e920-61b6-4a19-85a1-5b2a115aae4f.md
[IQ]: d650c833-3a52-43e9-8ee0-50219767a750.md
[destruct]: 4a5d142e-6ed7-4d45-944a-b6d2de01379d.md
[Arecibo]: 2945a5b2-fdcf-45ca-831b-eecf0b4462cc.md
[Zillow]: 819d9ee3-f6f0-4b20-9810-4754f6beb9ec.md

Notes from before I started making separate pages go here

## Preshow Music

[Burning Down the House - Tom Jones and The Cardigans](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYuldgIOelY)

After this, the word "Again" is spoken, once I remember where I need to sample this from.

## SPOILERS FOR THE ENTIRE SHOW START HERE

(before emerging onstage, I put on my robe and wizard hat, holding a whiteboard marker as a wand. "WHAT'S SO FUNNY?" is written on the whiteboard)

Thank you for coming to this rehearsal... of the next show. And yes, I say that in the real show.

This is the part of the show known as the "cold open". Brr. It's the part of the show where you don't really know anything about me, or what kind of act I could do. I can do anything. In your heads, I'm doing *everything*. It's a kind of magic. Like how, if you've heard that Queen song, the one from Highlander, it's now stuck in your head, but if you haven't, when it comes to this joke I'm just wasting... your... of TIIIIIIIME! Is this? A kind? Of magic?

See? I put that thought in your head. Inception! BRAAAAAAHHHHHMMMMMM. And now it's not stuck in your head any more, because that big blaring horn from the Inception soundtrack is in your BRAAAAAAAAAAHHHM.

Before we go any further, I need you to know that this show isn't all goofy music references. Well, actually, one more real quick. (more BDTH line here)

I'm glad y'all (laughed/didn't laugh) reminds me of an old fucking joke that you've probably heard, because Rorshach tells it about the Comedian in Watchmen, and if there's one thing I'm counting on about being a fedora-wearing doughy white guy in Seattle, my audience is full of fucking nerds. But I'll tell it anyway. (Pagliacci joke goes here)

If a comedian ever tells you that joke, ask them how they're doing. And if they don't have a line back, demonstrate concern.

I think it should be clear by now that I'm no comedian. I am... a magician! I'm a big believer in the power of magic. You may not guess it from what I'm we- oh, the Cold Open's over.

(drops slanket to reveal my usual wardrobe of a shirt, tie, tactical vest and construction-worker pants)

(maybe break at some point before this and say "if I'm thinking things are funny, I break, it's why I don't do this act in any sort of character, I couldn't keep it up")

You wouldn't guess it from what I'm wearing, but (puts on hat) I'm a magician. I'm like a sucky magician, though, I'm no good at concealing things in my hands. But, well, okay, I do have a couple magic tricks. My best one... doesn't come until the end of the show. But I have another one. Like I said, I'm no good at concealing things *in my hands* - or in my head.

But I want to make this clear early on. This act is going to contain scary things. Dark things. (CLAP CLAP, the lights go out)

(blip) I never really got all this dark stuff until I saw the Addams Family movie, which is about a bunch of really kind-hearted people who come across as *scary as hell*

I don't do any of these things performers usually do to distance themselves from the audience as possible: I want to get as close to the audience as possible (this part should be said while walking over the audience seats), but I don't want you straining your necks, so I won't pull any more first-year-theater-gimmicks like that. What is this, Equus?

I do want to ask right now that everybody in the audience turn off their phones. I know the stage manager probably told you to do that, but seriously, turn them **off, now**. I know a thing or two about how the phone system works, and you'll want to have your

Not because that because that buys me a minute to escape because everybody call 911 or anything... because you can't! There's a fucking outage! Fucking CenturyLink

Seriously, if anybody has to actually call 911 over the course of the act - and there is *no reason* you would have to, I installed a clearly-marked "FIRE EXIT" sign over the door just because I think that shit is funny - there are no pyrotechnics in this act at all! And even if there *were*, it woldn't go very far, there are two brick wa- (taps on the paper) *uh oh...*

Uh, THERE ARE NO PYROTECHNICS IN THIS ACT. I mean... you know, if I do it correctly.

I mean, there aren't. Like Frankenstein - or Frankenstein's *monster*, for all the pedants out there - there's nothing funny about having to go back and tack that onto the name, but I have to, because otherwise some wiseass always goes "The Creature!" or some such shit, and so I go back and explain that I know that, and go "*now* who's wasting people's time"? To distract people from the fact that the answer is- still me.

But yeah, anyway, like Frankenstein, I'm not comfortable around open flames. (pulls out plasma lighter) I just have this lighter because, um...

So anyway, that opening song was Burning Down the House, which has *nothing to do with anything that's supposed to happen in this act*, by Tom Jones and the Cardigans. Seriously, if you were listening to the vocals on that song, and you're thinking... " wow, that this sounds like a cross between *It's not unusuAL!* and *SAY that you love me, fool me, fool me*", it's not Talking Heads, it's *literally the people who made those two songs*. It's like the original "Weezer covers Africa" of "wait, are you fucking serious, I thought you'd just never heard of the band that actually wrote that song"

Also, Weezer's Africa is better than Toto's, fight me. Don't fight me! NEVER fight me.

### this bit should probably be moved

This show is pretty straightforward, it's me dealing with all the horrors of the world I've had to endure. All my life, I've had people laughing at me, and only very recently did I realize it was because I'd been telling jokes.

See, I have an autism-spectrum disorder. I've never been diagnosed - well, that's a lie, I was diagnosed by like three separate therapists as having "Aspergers", but that's just because it was the new trendy thing to diagnose kids with because everybody wants to tell people they've got ass burgers.

But, yeah, an understanding of these disorders as being on a *spectrum* is something that's only emerged in the broader mental-health consciousness more recently, a spectrum that also manifests as ADHD, which if you ask me is *way* the hell more accurate than Asperger's, and *way* the hell cooler to say.

And, like, disorder isn't the term I like to use: I prefer "disabled". Or, really, "differently abled", but real disabled people don't find each other by that term, even though it's *absolutely true*.

I fell in love with a girl with no arms once... it was online - she was real! Her name was Stephanie, and she lived in Canada. I don't know her last name, but- she's real, guys, okay? And she's *spectacular*. And her boobs were... *nice*. I actually didn't notice that she had no arms in her profile pictures, because, well... like I said, her boobs were *nice*. Yeah, so nice I didn't notice she didn't have any arms. Don't think of me as a hero...

want to make it clear very early on that *I am okay*. I am in control of my actions, I don't go into dangerous emotional territory in this act without having planned it out as a stunt *extensively*.

### the main disclaimer bit

Mention the Hollow Earth thing, Charlie

Mention Emmett Montgomery and Sugarplum Gary

But yeah, I'm not just making this stuff up as I go along. Come on! I do this act a lot. You think I just found a random wizard cloak from the costume rack of another show? There's no costume rack. 18th and Union can barely store a whiteboard between performances. What, you think I just found a Snuggie backstage and stapled some felt stars to it that I ripped off fron an old discarded set piece I noticed walking by a dumpster behind the theater? As if! I want you to realize that this act is the culmination of seven years of hard, painstaking work in therapy.

(therapist voice) It's okay to laugh! I mean it. at any time, for any reason. (copy from keep here)

Because I don't know why you might be laughing. Sometimes a horrible thought, a terrifying and disturbing thought, can make you feel a connection to another living being, knowing that they've had the same horrifying thoughts, too. Not being so alone is a *wonderful* reason

It's okay to cry

And it's best to do both at the same time

I'm not impervious, I'm not a sociopath

### segueing into the stuff where reality really starts to fucking warp

Orson Welles produced a documentary for the 1973 San Sebastian Film Festival called F for Fake, where he opens by saying, I know you guys think I'm a trickster, I fucked with y'all with The War of the Worlds, and someone *may have* killed themselves over it, but for the next hour, I will not tell you a *single lie*.

That movie is 88 minutes long, and for the last twenty minutes, he lies like a fuckin' *bastard*.

I'm not gonna do that to you. Folks with good imaginations got enough people calling them pathological liars.

I'm not telling you these things because I want you to believe them. I'm telling you these things because I want you to *not* believe them. I live for the look on people's faces when they realize the twist, [the prestige][] of knowing the outrageous things I've told them were all true. Shock, joy, laughter, awe. Discovering something that was heard but not seen, where what was magic, all at once, becomes real. That's the beauty that makes *me* smile. **That's what's so funny.**

[the prestige]: https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/prestige#Etymology

### Move into the David Wain stuff here

(Erases the question mark on the white board)

Well... okay, that's not *quite* true.

(Rewrites the question mark)

As comedians, we're always preoccupied with this question. Sure, we could be funny, but comedians don't want to be *funny*, they want to be *so* funny.

And what's so funny? It's simple.

(erases the question mark)

A thing is funny if it isn't true.

So, for example, if I told you that I had eggs for breakfast this morning, that wouldn't be funny, because, you know, it's true.

But if I told you that I wafGUFFAWles - that I had (snrt) *waffles* for breakfast this morning...

But if I told you that I saw a piano catch fire and fly through the air and explode into a rainbow-colored shower of a million different pieces, raining black and white keys all along the countryside, well, that isn't funny, because it's a hundred percent true.

Actually, this isn't my theory of comedy, it's David Wain's.

(Rewrites the question mark again, writes a second one)

See, I think things that are true can be funny. You just have to make them sound adequately fake.

Okay, obviously the piano didn't *just fly* there. It was helped, by the 20-story 600-ton trebuchet in this guy's backyard.

Okay, he didn't just *happen to have* a 14th-century siege engine lying about the place. He built it himself, obviously. For kicks

That man's name was Hugh Kennedy, and he's the most amazing, pointlessly wealthy guy I've ever seen. I didn't just hear about him on TV. My dad met him at the North Pole.

"Is your dad Santa Claus?" No, man, that's Sugarplum Gary, you have to come around in the holiday season, see Emmet's show

Anyway, David Wain - Welcome to my comedy show, where I just tell you about a bunch of other people's comedy shows

He did this *amazing* sketch for The State that I borrowed that joke from, but the original sketch is so much more hardcore than I could ever do, and the only place I can find online is this AV Club article

Nobody learns anything and the frog dies

Most comedians that I know have a *sense* for what makes a joke funny or not, that's deep, and important, but not something they've ever really been able to articulate. It's something you can really only build up from years and years and years of careful observation, genuflection, and introspection.

Luckily, I've got a two-step flowchart that explains it.

(Erases the question mark again, puts the thing in a box)

### The final content warning

I just want to reiterate one more time here. I am okay. And *you are okay*, too. (two okay hands come up like goggles)

(hands quick down) FUCK! White supremacists are trying to turn the OK hand into a gang sign. You know, Crips (flashes C), Bloods (flashes blood),

I am not a fan of white supremacists, but I'm a *big* fan of doing *this* (okay hand), so, fuck 'em, they don't get to have it. It's ours: the fucking normal people. The people of America, the most normal and okay country where everything's fine in the world right now.

### Really getting into the meat of the show

What do I mean when I say I don't like white supermacists? Well, maybe I should tell you this story. Don't worry, it has... well, you're gonna get some distance from it, so just trust me and hang in there.

Story about a veteran, who came back from where he was deployed for X years, and when he got back, the country he'd served suddenly ceased to really give a shit about him, and he fell in with these white supremacist guys, and some time around here he starts to get into drugs, mostly amphetamines ~~the opiate crisis in this country is *horrific*, I'm gonna put this pill bottle here so I don't forget to talk about it later~~ (pulls out pill bottle and holds onto it) and one night, these guys - they're racists, but they're also not a big fan of queers - they get this idea into their heads that what they really wanna do is just fucking *hurt* somebody. They've been *dreaming* of a moment like this. Seems the guy didn't get enough violence and horror while he was deployed. So they get together, they hatch this plan, and they go out and they call it

### THE HOLOCAUST!

His country was Germany! The vet was Hitler! The year was 1937 to 1944! Aren't you glad I cut the *tension*? Over six million Jews died, all in ways more horiffic than where you might have thought this joke was heading.

To be clear, I fucking hate Nazis. Seriously. If you come out of this show remembering one thing about me, you can forget my name, just remember *that guy really fucking hated Nazis*. Tell your friends. You can tell them I have a joke about an Atheist, a rape victim, a Rabbi, and a priest trapped in a church on 9/11 with a punchline that falls *completely* flat (that one's coming up), but please preface it "you've gotta see this guy who *really fucking hates Nazis*".

Yowza, right? I think we could all go for a palate cleanser I should probably lighten the mood. Let me tell you a story I *like*. ~~It's, well, it's kind of like that one.~~

It's about a little red hen.
(insert seemingly symbolic story of the Red Hen here)
And that little red hen's name... **WAS KARL MARX!**

Yeah, I love that one. I am a *massive* Communist. Like, I worry people might mistake me for a fucking Nazi after I do that joke, so I do the one after it to make it *very* clear which side I'm on in the whole Nazi/Communist struggle we currently find ourselves in. (By the way, if you can't figure out which side *you're* on? Remember: when you're not swimming against it, the ambient force is Whitepower.) Actually, I'm more of a Communist than most Communists, who think I'm a freeloader. Famous historical supervillain Ronald Ray-Gun - and what kind of Sixties Batman on-the-nose Mister Freeze bullshit is naming a supervillain who wants to point lasers at the Earth "Ronald Ray-Gun"? - Ronnie Ray-Gun used to tell that Little Red Hen speech *against* Communism...

Okay, here's the Little Red Hen speech as it would properly apply to Reagan's America.

(insert story where the little red hen's bread is taken by shareholders claiming ownership of the fields all the ingredients were harvested from and traded for cocaine)

So anyway, the Nazis fucking hated Communists, because their country was falling apart at the seams due to economic struggle - not a normal okay country where everything's fine - and those were the two ascendant ideologies in the country. See, that's a big part of why I'm so confident doing Holocaust jokes. I would have been first against the wall in the lead up to The Big One. I would have gone down before they burned the Reichstag. People like to think "Oh, I would have helped the Jews in the Holocaust!" And all I gotta say is, man, if you think you would have been in a position to *help* the Jews, that means you wouldn't have been one of the people the Nazis hated, and the Nazis hated a *lot* of people.

Okay, so to be clear, some people, when they hear, or it suddenly dawns on them, that about half my act is about the Holocaust, they suddenly get *really concerned* with whether or not I'm Jewish. And, well, shit, the most straightforward answer I can give them is *you know hoo els vould ask people if zey were Juden?* Which is, of course, just another way of saying "oh, no, but I understand and appreciate your desire to know". But, you know, I don't think Nazis would accept that answer. Hence the one I gve.

But yeah, I understand, and I'm not trying to co-opt the Holocaust. Make no mistake, when it came to the Nazis' subjects of hatred, the Jews (rips yellow velcro Star of David off from slanket) had the starring role.

But there were so many others the Nazis didn't like. (slams whiteboard over)

## The ending

If anybody tries to use a survivor to turn other people into victims, they should know one thing.

I'm Stuart P. Bentley, and I ain't afraid of much. Ask around about me. You will find that I have had a very long career, over the course of which I have developed very a particular set of skills. Skills that make me very good at finding people like you. And I will find you. And I will mock you. I will find out why you're doing this. And I will make you retire. Because I live a principled life. I don't like bullies. I will investigate any claim I find, and when I make my discoveries, I will tell the truth. The whole truth. And nothing but the truth. And I breathe fire.

And that's how I'm gonna end the act.

Next year. What you think I'm gonna

Besides, there's a special way I can only end the act right now. With what might be my favorite movie ending of all time.

The year is 2019. The place is Los Angeles. And the film...

BELL, AHOY HOY! Prepare to end show on my signal.

is Blade Runner.

(work out audience participant rain)

### The REAL ending

(people who try to exit early see a countdown clock I set at a cue in the song that tells people how long until the song is over labeled "SHOW ENDS IN:")

They say "dance like no one is watching"? I think it should be clear that I have been doing that for a very long time.

I want to leave you with one closing thought.

That song is "Fire-Breather", by The Lonely Forest, and that's very appropriate, because at the rate our world is on fire, there's only gonna be one forest left.

And on *that* note, the act is over... or is it?

Well, merch is out in the lobby, I'll be doing Q&A out there, and I...

(walking) am out.

## Exit Music

[The Lonely Forest - Fire-Breather](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UV8EPddC-4Y)

## Materials

- FIRE EXIT signage
- Wizard Slanket
- Jedi Slanket
- Plasma Lighter
- The Clapper&trade;
- Coatrack
- Chair for posing on Riker-style (stool?)
- Whiteboard with heavy markers and Holocaust badge diagram taped to back
- QR code to The Onion AV Club article about The State w/ Al Jazeera logo instead of the Onion
- Big light-up "End Show" Button
- Dotsies
- Four Game Boy lights, just in case.
- Piano, if you've got one so I can do the beginning of Make 'Em Laugh and then the rest of Make 'Em Laugh
- One plush snuggle animal for each seat
- Box of Crayola crayons
- A wooden rod, a cardboard moon, and a tattered banner that says "The Fantasticks" (in case I need to stage an emergency production of The Fantasticks)
- Bowling pin
- Barf bags, labeled "In case of emergency" and placed on the backs of the seats
- Bell and the Bell System (on wifi network "partyboob"):
  - clapper
  - router
  - dotsieflag
  - button
