# Right Now: Work and Plans

Last updated (sort of) 2018-11-07

## We interrupt this transmission

You know what, this old newsletter-style tree isn't really working for me right now. I'm going to try summing up the things I am up to in my life right now as [a series of RPG-like quests][quests] and see what that gets me.

[quests]: 6f25cf97-8ee8-460e-9db8-3c241cadbff0.md

### Plans for this institutionalized with this structure

My thoughts are that Quests (and its associated outbounds) will become the main driver for documenting what I'm up to, with [What's News][checkins] becoming more like "this is the mailing list / forum post that led to this change to the quest listing" (when it's not a Git commit or GitHub issue discussion or anything like that), and this page becoming like the Phoronix or LWN post about the latest updates / status.

In BTTF terms: "[This one][Quests] shows you where you're going, *this* one shows you where you are, and [this one][checkins] shows you where you *were*."

## Back to your originally scheduled broadcast

This is a persistent document describing my ongoing state. For a series of installments, see the installments in [checkins][].

[checkins]: afcfaa78-ef7e-429e-a2ea-0b5c7abaf7b7.md

See also [a postmortem on stuartpb.plan][planfile postmortem]

[planfile postmortem]: f359a1e5-3e4f-4d30-8be3-0d0635c77ea4.md

Also, I've got kind of a running series of notes on [projects][]

[projects]: 8509d6ba-3cdd-418a-82ea-94cc044b6aef.md

## bagtent stuff

Making a deeper file for how I'm using bagtent and all that is developing [here][writing take 2].

[writing take 2]: 13ceb37e-99d5-417b-be3c-ec7e1bc537ac.md

Want to revive w5-graph as a bagtent just called "whoswho" that has even looser notoriety guidelines and is just in general way less strict about everything - the proposed structure of the YAML files is basically like that, but for lines with internal (and external) links instead of k:v pairs, and oh hey now we can have freeform metadata content that isn't directly link-based, and we don't break external references if something changes (and we don't have to do tricky fancy footwork to rewrite internal references worrying that we might break something if we don't update a name correctly)

## 3D Printing

Lately, I've been working on stuff involving my new 3D printer. See [3D Printing Stuff][].

[3D Printing Stuff]: b2694758-f919-4d46-a29b-7bbf189eab38.md

Right now, I've got translucent PETG loaded into it, so the thing I've been looking to do with that has been mostly to build new control panel stuff for the printer itself.

## IPFS

I installed IPFS to see about experimenting with it as a replacement for sites like Thingiverse, Soundcloud, stuff like that. Also have some ideas around putting a name layer around IPNS and Tor addresses

## Rust

Went ahead and installed `rustup` so I could build Xi, so, hey, might go and try learning Rust. Might do that as part of my general looking-into of WebAssembly.
