# It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia episode pitch: *Mister Reynolds' Neighborhood*

This was written a little bit after the finale of Season 12 (Keep says it was last edited March 17).

The thinking that inspired this was about how I feel *It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia* has many of the same didactic properties toward how *not* to behave as an episode of *Mister Rogers' Neighborhood* (which I absolutely adore, and am currently watching a marathon of on Twitch at time of writing).

It's also sort of inspired by the thoughts I had in response to [this thread by @spnbmb on Twitter](https://twitter.com/spnbmb/status/833858251447889920).

The notes below are copied from a rough Google Keep note, and need to be reformatted to explain the basic premise (it generally focuses on the twists of the episode and leaves out the introduction of the general premise altogether).

---

Dennis is with his son, trying to teach him everything he knows (ie. the DENNIS system et al).

Gang has tracked him down to North Dakota and thinks they'll just Intervention him back to the bar.

Meanwhile, the Waitress is stalking Charlie, talking about the baby they're going to have, Charlie is terrified even though he's the one who thought he'd baby trap her. At the climax(?) Charlie can't report her to the cops because he doesn't know her name

Dennis says he doesn't want the gang to swear around his kid:

- Dennis is legitimately swallowing his expletives, but we see every one of them play across his face, especially when he has to conceal his rage at asking Frank and Charlie to go get puppets, and what they came back with were just Frank's socks, and he realizes he's put Frank's disgusting betoeknifed socks on his nice clean sensitive hands
- Dee comes up with all-new profanity on the spot, so smoothly you wouldn't even notice she's saying "oh toddwham it you slapstir" instead of "goddamnit you bastard". For some reason, she's the only one who's *good* at this.
- Mac goes back to his Catholic school roots and uses obscene-sounding Biblical sayings and the names of obscure saints / prophets instead of swear words (ie "jumping jehosephat!"), the stuff the nuns would let you get away with (so long as it's not the Lord's name in vain). He's a little showy about it, too, sometimes using them even when he'd have no reason to swear normally.
- Charlie just uses the word "baby" to replace everything, because he's terrified about the prospect of the baby. This gets *very* confusing when he talks *about the baby*.
- Frank never actually swears, but he only remembers at the last second, and replaces cursing with generally something much worse, like "fuck" turns into a long, growled-out "what the FFFFFFFFFFEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAARRRRR".

As we go on, we see that Dennis's world is consistently awful, he's confronted with anything good and turns it back around to explain how everything's really just manipulation in the end. At the very climax he's shouting about how, jeez, yes, maybe there's good in the world, but he's never seen it! HEEEEEE'S never seen it! and then the cops barge in

the mother confronts him for kidnapping the kid, and when asked if she'll press charges, there's a big pause, followed by an "I'll consider not" or "I'll think about it" or something threatening but noncomittal. After she walks out, and we're all leaving the tension there, the cops just defuse it, like "K, guess y'all can go home now", because, really, fuck are they gonna wait around for someone to give them extra work? No

Everybody cheers or whatever and says to Dennis, "So I guess you're coming back to the bar with us?" Dennis, replying like he's having the stomach ripped out of his chest: "Shit... I... huh...:" - closing shot is of him maybe having a panic attack
