# Barfspace Department of Parks and Recreation Vistor's Center!

This page is supposed to be, like, a friendly, gentler version of me trying to explain just what in the all hell is going on around here, like a little tour, I guess. Part of the whole general [Improvement District][RCID] plan going around, I guess.

Well, it's not easy to explain, you know that? You want to hear what it sounds like when someone just goes and tries to *explain what barfspace is*, you go and take a look at [the Meta section of the library][barfmeta].

It's a mess. That's the *real* answer to what barfspace is that'll *always* be accurate: "it's a mess." But, you want to have a chance to understand *specifically* what that mess is, you go around and you look at some of these pages here. These are the pages that'll show you...

You might be able to glean some idea of what work I think needs doing by looking at [the list of plans for content that should probably be explained, and how I'd do it][Vision Quests], though it's important that these, like most of the notes in this repo, are written in the form of something *for me to read*, so it might not be intelligible. (Last time I checked, they featured multiple *long* lists of items in which I was trying to shake out the writing convention I'd use when I had to jump to another thought mid-sentence... it's pretty manic.)

[Vision Quests]: a8c1b237-886b-4169-88ff-9e52bc1dbcf2.md

## The Best of the Mess, the Last Time I Was Thinkin' About It

*NOTE: This is probably going to turn into my "hot stack" of stuff I'm currently working on. So be it.*

- [Quests][]

## Oh, This Ain't a Page Proper, But...

Watch your head as you go around the town right now - there's a *mighty* wind of change a-blowin' through, and they're currently lookin' to take this old-timey frontier town into a whole hootin' and hollerin' big city of all the stuff Stuart P. Bentley's ever tried to write, but never finished. They're gonna merge us with a city called [Lean Notes][]! And then we're gonna be renamed altogether, moved over to some kind of "sub-domain" at notes.stuartpb.com! Imagine that!

The page for that plan is [here][The Great Plan].

[Lean Notes]: https://github.com/stuartpb/leannotes

Also, who the hell talks like this except those people from the frontier village in South Park where it's perpetually 1864?

Oh, also, [Wigfield][]. Big influence on the whole project.

[Wigfield]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wigfield

[Quests]: 6f25cf97-8ee8-460e-9db8-3c241cadbff0.md

[barfmeta]: 8c5a1d30-97d9-4395-85be-b6c8ba57b239.md

[RCID]: eb1e81f8-5939-4f85-9930-418044018a75.md
[Loose Notes]: ff47c3c8-6686-4225-ba27-23f61c604e0d.md

[The Great Plan]: f3f3d6ba-6342-415a-9f3b-ab4f1d75a692.md
