# Desktop Quests

For [quests][] local to my desk.

[Quests]: 6f25cf97-8ee8-460e-9db8-3c241cadbff0.md

See also the Papercut quests in the [Fixer Arc][]

[Fixer Arc]: 33bcb20b-5d20-42e5-8eba-15541882e48a.md

## Notes on a Phone

This isn't technically "Desktop", but I don't have a Looking For Group index/appendix for Quests yet (EDITOR: create LFG when migrating page?)

I'm not a hundred percent sure what this quest was suppoed to be: I think I was thinking about mobile bagtent tooling? This is the thing with ADHD, you can get lost because you're already operating under the conception of months of groundwork that exist in your head but have not yet been laid

## Label Me

You've got your label printer running in Linux, but it's... awkward. You're still not sure how to reliably print on the entire width of a label.

- [ ] Try to work out why this printer's behavior is so weird.
  - [x] Dive into the driver scripts installed to /opt/brother by the AUR package.
  - [ ] Assess the CUPS / PPD UI to figure out how custom roll length can be implemented.
  - [ ] You're wasting a lot of your nice removable label paper. Swap the removable label paper for some plain white paper.
  - [ ] There seems to be a bug where paper size isn't getting set in some circumstances.
    - [ ] Build a repro procedure for triggering / working around the bug.
  - [ ] Figure out exactly where the paper size gets set in the process.
    - [x] Look at intermediate output files in /tmp.
    - [ ] It *looks like* the key player in this process is `rastertobrpt1`. Dive deeper.
      - [ ] Does nothing use `psconvertpt1`? Is it just a vestigial file from an earlier incarnation?
      - [ ] Determine if it produces similar output to `rastertobrpt1` and/or `filter_ql700`.
      - [ ] Look at the calling convention for `rastertobrpt1`.
        - [ ] Figure out what's provided on the command line. Is that how it gets the location of `paperinf`? (The only string references for "paperinf" are error messages, so it does use it, but it never names it internally.)
      - [ ] See what circumstances cause the driver to use something else.
      - [ ] See if you can figure out the "brpt1" output format.
      - [ ] Assess whether or not you can write your own replacement.
        - [ ] Find if there's documentation for this format.
        - [ ] Determine if it's as straightforward as, say, G-Code.
      - [ ] Understand the circumstances where paper size isn't set in the printer commands better.
- [ ] Write your own printing program that works just like you wanted it to in the first place.
  - [ ] Bring up the documentation for the printer's USB protocol.
- [ ] Buy a new, simpler printer.

## Fixing Avahi

Oh hey, wasn't there something about enabling the `mdns` resolver causing these massive hitches you've been seeing in Chrome? And why haven't you been able to resolve any .local addresses, anyway?

- [ ] Revisit the Arch Wiki page

## Getting to Know Nix

You know, there are ways to have Nix eat an existing Linux installation. stushiba has a lot of cruft built up in its run environment, and between this and stuzzy (and potentially sturling), it's starting to be a bit like a monoculture. Maybe it's time to make the switch to a system with fully declarative configuration state?

- [ ] Look into what'd be involved in replacing the Arch installation on stushiba with Nix.

## Fancy LAN

You know what'd be nice? If there was some kind of DNS resolver running on the network for NetBIOS and mDNS names on the local network (and potentially letting these systems be addressed via an external domain name) so that you don't have to keep accessing OctoPrint via an IP address.

- [ ] Look into reflashing this router for OpenWRT.
