# The Fresh Book of Bell Air

You are about to begin reading "The Fresh Book of Bell Air", a comedy new-age choose-your-own-adventure Bible by Stuart P. Bentley.

This isn't as clever as you think, because the whole thing is a schism from the existing religion of [Discordianism][].

[Discordianism]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Discordianism

Thank you for reading my hilarious normal parody bible, in which I AM PROTECTED FROM THE TERRIBLE SECRET OF SPACE

## The First Act of Bell

The first act of Bell is Stuart P. Bentley's comedy show [The Unconvincing Truth][], which is currently in a pre-Discordian state of chaos, where I was in a very... non-peaceful place.

Having finally found Eris, I'm able to kind of chill out on some of this shit I wrote there, so... yeah, like, that act is going to get some work done soon.

[The Unconvincing Truth]: 384199c8-03a8-4771-98f8-ea0111fe78b6.md

## Bell's Whistles

Bell's Whistles are the things Bellarians give out freely, like Samaritan tokens. They're tuned to 2600 Hertz, the Holy Frequency, and they've got the Bell logo where Jo Prusa's initials go on Jo's whistle design.

## A Holy Text with Bells On

"With Bells On" is a thing in Bellarianism, for when you mean something very, very deeply, but you also understand why the limitations of the religion stop you from doing it, and so you want to make it clear that you're not trying to mock anybody.

For example, Rebecca Meyer is a Saint Second Class With Bells On, because her story is so, so tragic, but if you just tell it straight to somebody who just discovered that "rebeccapurple" is a valid color, they'll probably think you're making it up.

Living people are allowed to be Saints in Bellarianism, but they are classified as "Probationary Saints Second Class"

## Lost books in the Bellarian tradition

- The hardboiled detective noir story of Bell's search for the missing messiah, *The Color of Plaid*
- An enlightening book on the importance of accepting religion to today's hard-working American business world, *The Pater Principle*

## The Pantheons of Bellarianism

There are two Pantheons: the Pantheon of Saints and the Pantheon of Sinners (tentatively termed "the Problematic Pantheon" and "the Pussy Pantheon", irrespectively).

And then there's the Between Place, the Medium Place, home of the Lost Souls, Slackers, and Ordinary Fucking People

Now, you maybe wondering, what about the people you're *really* afraid of, the wicked, abusive men who will stop at nothing to ruin your life? It's okay, you have nothing to worry about. There's no such thing as men.

But is there a place for truly Bad People (like a certain Hitleresque character who died in the Fuhrerbunker in 1945 who shall not be named in my Holy Text)? How the Hell would I know? I don't really think they go anywhere: I think they just die, though they do live on for another generation in the form of horrible scars, which fade over time and turn into jokes.

Anyone who is still alive is allowed in the Pantheon, but only On Probation, because one should not make monuments to the living, for they can still disgrace the stone. (But they are crazy in Thuringen: they drink so much Lowenbrau that they lie.) (the link lede for this one should be "dogs like to sleep and fuck")

## The Good One: the Saints

- Slavoj Zizek is a probationary Saint Second Class, even though he'd claim, as a pervert, he should go in the Other Good One
- Stephen Fry isn't a standup comic so he's allowed to be a probationary saint
- Aaron Swartz

### Badasses

- Bruce Lee

## Sinners: The Other Good One

The Problematic Pantheon is the collection of Sinners. People who can only be in the Problematic Pantheon:

- Standup Comedians
- Magicians
- Anyone from New Jersey or Florida
- Supervillains

People in this canon who are *really* problematic, but haven't done anything to *really* piss me off (meaning they are Excommunicated from this pantheon), are listed as Sinners On Notice. You get, like, one strike, and I won't waste my time explaining why (unless you ask me personally), and then YOU'RE OUT OF THE MOVIE!

To be clear, this is not a fucking friends list, and it's *defintely* not an Enemies List. My Friends List is the thing I do on Thanksgiving, where I thank everybody I've ever met.

### These Comedians

I'm thinking the *really* weird comedians, who technically play "characters", get to be saints. I haven't really figured that part out yet, though.

Also, really *really* good dead comedians, like Robin Williams and Andy Kaufman (probably), get to be Saints. But, like, fucking homophobe Lenny Bruce is a permanent Sinner (and I think he'd like that just fine).

- Emo Phillips
- Weird Al (Weird AI being one of the Horsemen of the Apocalypse)
- Groucho Marx

### The Supervillains

- BOB (Twin Peaks)
- BOB (SubGenius)

### Others

- Thomas Edison

## My Canon

I like my bible, which contains deeply spiritual, clever jokes, a bit of enlightening wisdom, and *so* much fucking swearing

### Movies

The Room is a *very* holy movie, *especially* with the way Tommy handled it after people started laughing.

Similarly, Rocky Horror is canon.

The Producers, both versions, are canonical, because the actors of both versions are too good to cut out, and the original is the only one with the character of LSD, who is admittedly dated to anybody whose religion didn't start in the Sixties, and the musical made the right call in cutting his character and changing the gag with why Springtime for Hitler is a success

Most of Mel Brooks' movies are in the canon, actually. And Mel Brooks is a Probationary Sinner Second Class

Coco

### TV Shows

Mystery Science Theater 3000

Black Mirror (and Bandersnatch)

The Good Place

Freakazoid!

### Hymns

- Tubthumping
- Party Hard
- The Weird Al Show Theme
- Band on the Run (especially the album art, everybody on which is a Saint Second Class or Probationary Saint Second Class)

### Sermons

- Stephen Fry's argument after Christopher Hitchens on why the Catholic Church is not a force for good
- Fred Rogers' speech to John Pastore

### Games

- Spacewar (the First Game)
- The Stanley Parable
- The Penis Game (which is just when you're in a horrible oppressive place like church or school and see who can yell "PENIS" in the loudest voice without getting in trouble)
- The Game (the one you start playing when you are told about The Game, and you lose whenever you think about The Game, like right now)

### Webcomics

- XKCD
- Achewood
- A Softer World
- Dinosaur Comics

### Books

- This Book Will Change Your Life (and it did!)
- Understanding Comics

### Holy Artifacts

These are sacred treasures to the Bellarian faith, and SHOULD be investigated and searched for in a National-Treasure-esque escapade and eventually stolen.

- [Russell Crowe's Jockstrap][Blockbuster]

[Blockbuster]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russell_Crowe%27s_jockstrap

## Just some random thoughts

The Atheist can not find God, for the same reason a thief can not find a policeman. - the guy who wrote the Peter Principle

I believe that we wear three masks in our lives: the mask of the Laugher, the mask of the Lover, and the mask of Andross, from Starfox 64.

## What the Hell is Going On?

The point of Discordianism is that things people really feel inside are too complex to state simply, and when we try, it sounds laughable, because there's a Discord between what *we* know, and what *they* know. And that Discord is funny as fuck, but it's real and crazy people aren't just random

Like, I don't need to get it, just so long as it makes sense to you, and you're enjoying it. If one of those isn't true, get help, especially if the latter is true but not the former on a regular basis, because that's a sign you might be bipolar, and you're about to lose the latter, too.

Life is a series of chutes and ladders, and Welcome... to Ladders.

## Your Sacred Text Here: a Bellarian Right of Passage

Every Bellarian SHOULD (the word "SHOULD" here being defined as per BCP 14 of the Internet Engineering Task Force) write a thousand-page holy scripture starting their own religion that they never really tell anybody about, because the only one who needs to be Converted is yourself. If you do manage to Convert someone else (ie. they go "man, you're cool, I would friend and follow you", meaning they would steadfastly and devoutly adhere to your deeply-held religious beliefs, no matter how insane), then maybe tell them where they can find it (your Holy Living Draft should live somewhere public Online, as accessibly as possible, prefarably in a way that would get you killed in certain countries that would erect Great Walls of Fire around their citizens' spiritual connections to the Internet).

Like, the Time Cube guy has the right idea. Do that, but try to be funnier than that guy.

You can repeat yourself. You can repeat yourself. And you can repeat yourself. Don't fuss too much about rereading things you wrote before (though, like you SHOULD be writing something good enough that you'd want to go back and reread it later), just make sure that you get it down somewhere.

Also, keep a full revision history of the document, in case you cut something off, and it turns out later that you want it back. (Like that guy in Twin Peaks, who cuts off his arm because it's posessed by demons.)

Don't worry about Hyper Linking so much in your holy text: just write the thing you want to write, and if you're worried you might forget what you wanted to link, I guess just put a Markdown link, and if you forget where you were going with that, just never bother to resolve it. You can go back and add the links later.

## Discordianism: The Perfect Mind Fuck

To me, Discordianism is the perfect synthesis of the spirit of Eastern and Western philosophy: the Eastern side is the one that says "You will discover what's beautiful, what's pure, what's perfect and universal in all things", and the Western side is "And I'M not gonna tell it to you, man! Fuck you! I'm doing my own thing, like Emo Phillips pushing a guy off a bridge! Figure it out for yourself, and if you can't handle me at my worst, then fuck off and start your own religion, with blackjack, and hookers! Ah, screw the whole damn thing." (Hence why so many in the Western world *have* screwed the whole damn thing.)

## You don't have to be crazy to worship Eris...

But it helps!

To be clear, you do not have to be Funny all the time. In fact, don't. Seriously. You know who knew how to be serious? Robin Fucking Williams.
