# Bell's Supervillains

Oh shit, I haven't put *anything* in this file yet? I think I'll need to start moving things from other notes to this one.

Okay, apparently I just had it written up in my head, but the list of headings that were going to go here is [here][Trim and Shake], on the line that starts "I am a supervillain".

The entries that were going to go here should go in the pages of [the Canon][] where applicable (the Suckers, Sinners, and Lesser Devils).

This page would then just work as aggregation for [the Bell TPC Operator Manual][TOM] where it was originally forked off from (did I maybe have some of the stuff I was going to put here ever entered over there? Did I cut it and forget to paste it between commits, so the content is just lost forever like that? Goddamnit, ADHD brain)

[TOM]: d42ba86b-1a2c-48ef-847a-eeec24c6d3ba.md
[Trim and Shake]: 996a5038-cb9a-43d8-9e97-c5a94c7e7f60.md
[the Canon]: d2bc0627-2e7c-4089-8d77-d015de81ef65.md

## Gomez Addams

Not a supervillain, but welcome to barfspace, where everything is in the wrong place at the very beginning

I never really got all this dark stuff until I saw the Addams Family movie, which is about a bunch of really kind-hearted people who come across as *scary as hell*

## Thomas Jefferson

Thomas Jefferson was a slave-raping supervillan and third president of the United States. If you're not familiar with him, you may be more familiar with him as the ancestor of the long-running television family, The Jeffersons. Most of America owes some part of its creation to Thomas Jefferson, and that's not necessarily a bad thing, but hoo boy, is it not a great one, either. Remember that scene in Schindler's List with Ralph Fiennes in the basement? That's what you're romanticizing when you tell a love story between a President and his slave.
