# Big Works in Progress

## UNDER CONSTRUCTION, DUSTPAN BROOM SHOVELING STICKMAN GRAPHIC HERE

The premise for this page kind of sucks, but I could clear it out (move some of this lousy doff over to the tumblr side zone) and turn it into a Highlights Reel, showcasing the best posts across barfspace, the really nice pages that might be buried a layer or two in, like [Quests][].

[Quests]: 6f25cf97-8ee8-460e-9db8-3c241cadbff0.md

nah crew it, that ain't barfspace, what's barfspace is keeping this garbage page for its original stupid intentions, integrating in all the projects that did or did not get merged into Lean Notes as that merges into this

and then if I want a "le hidden gems of barfspace", that's what's supposed to go in the [Visitor's Center Tour][VCT], kadoy?

[VCT]: 434dd429-b16d-4924-996f-aaf2ebff29ef.md

---

## [exit codes][]

Documentation for the standard reasons I'd exit a thread (read: conversation).

You know that thing where someone's just being incredibly tedious and awful, so you just want to walk away? This is for that, except the idea is that you can drop a hyperlink to help them better understand *why* they're being tedious, and what they could do to *not* be tedious in the future.

## [Waxhead Revisited][]

A gonzo walkthrough for cheesy 90s FMV point-and-click adventure game [Are You Afraid of the Dark? The Tale of Orpheo's Curse](http://orpheoscurse.wikia.com/wiki/The_Tale_of_Orpheo's_Curse), to give me an outlet for florid prose for when I'm feeling nostalgic and/and drunk.

## [western-civilization-walkthrough.txt][walkthrough]

This is supposed to be a joke in the vein of the [GameFAQs walkthrough for Problem Sleuth](http://www.mspaintadventures.com/?s=4&p=000816) (maybe crossed with [this t-shirt](https://www.topatoco.com/bestshirtever/)), where it gives the "strategy" for "winning" at various points in human civilization. 90% of the "strategies" are basically "be born in the right place at the right time", and the rest is "commit atrocities on indigineous peoples for 9/10 of the game, then symbolically atone at the last minute so you can claim reparations are uncalled for".

The idea is that, like, if you went back in history, all the figures would be the Greatest Players, who all followed the advice in the strategy guide to win dominance. Basically, it's just a list of "winning" "strategies" throughout history. (Maybe calling it "Walkthrough" was dumb, and now that I've identified that glitch I can resuscitate this idea under the umbrella of a "Strategy Guide" for the "Campaign" of human civilization: the "Western Civilization" scope thing was kind of a gag that didn't land.)

[exit codes]: 118eb717-47fc-4af6-91e3-5d533f942883.md
[Waxhead Revisited]: b88b515a-f237-4ee3-be29-ec06385544a6.md
[walkthrough]: 74280a1e-b327-461d-b62a-e123d09bda0c.md
