# A Lovely Bunch of Coconuts

*"One of sour, two of sweet, three of strong, and four of weak."*

INGREDIENTS FOR A TRULY PREPARED BELLARIAN KITCHEN:

- At least two unopened coconuts
- One bottle Sailor Jerry's or another decent rum
- At least one mixer that, in a pinch, you could drink on its own

:coconut::tropical_drink::grinning_face_with_one_large_and_one_small_eye:

A Bellarian SHOULD always keep a coconut or two in their kitchen, to flip the script any passing missionaries who would try to convert them. If they come to your door and ask if you've heard the Good News, tell them you've heard rumors and allegations, but you're deeply curious to get it from the Pope himself (speaking to whichever one asked you: your delivery SHOULD plant the seed in their mind that they're not in control of their faith the way you're in control of yours. And don't worry that you're coming off as disingenuous: remember, under Discordian doctrine, every Man, Woman, and Child on theis Earth is Pope. You're just being as obnoxious and smug about Your Truth as they're being to you about theirs.)

Also, every Bellarian should have a Dremel, for if the Missionary can not find a way to Crack your Coconut within half an hour, you can offer them some help with that. If they don't freak out the moment you whip out a power tool and brandish it at them, they are fearless, and they're most likely about to Get the Joke. (If you're not sure, tell them you're about to Show Them the Great Joke of Eris, repeatedly, as you get closer and closer to them, gesture to their head and ask them if they'll let you Open their Coconut. If they let you open the coconut, then explain that this is a metaphor in your religion for the opening of the mind, and you appreciate that they let you open theirs.)

If they start chanting, or praying, or something defensive like that, you should realize that this means they're afraid, and you should laugh and smile.

(And, O ye of little faith, if you find their shit more convincing then yours, well then, you haven't really found Eris, and you should just abandon this faith altogether and join *their* cult, you fucking poser, you fair-weather fan. Come back when you're ready to really get nuts.)

## What do Do when The Man Comes A'Callin', Restated

(One of the Bellarian Virtues of Chaos is Do Repeat Yourself)

They come to your door and ask if you've Heard the Good News or would like to hear about The Most Amazing Book, and you tell them you've heard rumors and hearsay, but you'd love to finally hear the Real Poop, straight from the Pope himself!

And then when you come in you ask them if they'd like a coconut, and you insist they take it, and then they just hold onto it for a while having no idea how to open it

And then, once you're getting bored with them, you pull out the Dremel

There's a whole script you do with the fearless kids who don't flinch at this point (you explain that you just want to Open their Coconut while gesturing at their head), but I feel like most missionaries would run away screaming like people from the Addams Family at this point, at which point you lean out the door and scream "WHERE IS YOUR GOD NOW???"

## Mission: Bellarian

Every Bellarian SHOULD go door to door, wearing some ridiculous frock, like a bathrobe or a Snuggie or something (Nothing *too* obvious. If they can tell that you're definitely kidding and not just here to rob the pace, you're doing it wrong), and holding a coconut, and when someone opens the door and asks you want you want, offer it to them (ie. "Hi! Would you like a coconut?"). If they say they would, tell them "Ahp! I have to tell you about my loony wackadoodle cult first." (I mean, something like that: Bellarians MUST refer to Bellarianism as a cult, and MUST NOT use Bell's name until they're in the door.) If they try to talk about it at the door, you have to say something like "Will you invite me in first, like a vampire? I'm not allowed to give you the coconut until you let me in." (And, in case there's any confusion here: you're not. Unless, like, they really want the coconut, in which case, fine, give it to them, but let them know they're *almost definitely* the kind of person who'd be most interested in what you'd have to say. Maybe give them a calling card.)

Once you're in (to be clear, don't be a dick, once you're in their house, give them the coconut - maybe have a backpack full of coconuts if you want to do this multiple times in one day) and they ask you what's next (feel free to prompt them "Aren't you going to ask me what's next?"), reply "Shit, man, I don't know, I didn't think I'd get this far." (You should say that even if you've gotten in a few times before, even if you were pretty confident - just make sure that's the last thing you kid about, and from there all the jokes have to be real, about Discordianism and Bellarianism and the Illuminati conspiracy and JFK and the whole great Greatest Trick.) And then just fucking riff - feel free to prep whatever material you want, but I'm not gonna tell you how to prosetylize for me. This is a test of your faith - if you haven't truly Gotten the Joke, you'll burn out here, and that suits me just fine.

To be clear, when you say "I'm not allowed to give you the coconut", I'm not the one disallowing you from giving them the coconut, Bell Air is. (And Bell Air is Eris, especially in Belarus. And if you read the same thing three times there, you're mispronouncing the name of a major Eastern European country. Ha, sucker!)
