# Eris and Eros

If you ever want to put together a trashzine version of the Fresh Book of Bell Air to appeal to the Most Lost Souls, put a screencap of one of the Bellarians from Space Mutiny on the cover, because that will convey to people that Eris is the red hot bitch god who will totally fuck you, and if you're not careful and don't have protection, she will leave you sore. (If you're not attracted to women and don't get the other way this joke works, consider all the people in your life who have left you feeling fucked over. Is there not one of them you might describe as "hot-headed", or "a total bitch"?)

There's an old line, if you want to make God laugh, tell Him your plans. Well, Eris is already laughing, she already knows your plans, and she's worked them into her set, because she wants to see if she can make *you* laugh. (Of course, she knows when you'll laugh, because She is eternal, but she still has to do it to you, baby.)

Eris and Eros have kind of an odd relationship, like Morticia and Gomez. They have kids (we are all children of Eris), so we figure they must fuck, but the manner in which they have any kind of sex is just beyond our mortal comprehension to imagine, so the most we can do is make them kind of vaguely erotic and hope for the best. (If you're wondering why this joke seems to have no punchline, you might have forgotten that there is no God but Eris, and all other Gods are merely incarnations, meaning that this entire run-on sentence has really been one long joke about masturbation. If you've ever fantasized about having intimate relations with the Goddess, masturbation is the closest you'll come.)

If you're fantasizing about Eris right now (you freaky freak), you might be getting hung up on trying to picture her haircut. The deep hot scoop, a Weekly World News exclusive, is that Eris is actually bald. All over. Alopecian, like Sally Sitwell (that's why she cries a little when you pull her hair). But Eris wears many wigs, from long animated Rapunzel falls to stubbly little pixie cuts, so you can picture her wearing whatever hair you want. Her hair can even change halfway through. (Kinky!) She can even wear a poodle. She can even wear herself. And, if you need the carpet to match the drapes, know that Goddess exists, and She's a merkin.
