## Hitler and Mister Rogers

Okay, I really do need to lighten the tension. (tells story that describes all these horrible things happening to a kid, explicitly telling them things about Hitler, and then ends it "That man's name was Frederick McFeely Rogers, better known as Mister Rogers).

after the original tension break: Because that's what the Holocaust felt like! It relieved the tension! It felt like the darkest times were over! And then over twelve million people died. Wait, didn't I say six? No, I said six million *Jews*. Yeah, well over double that died overall. People tend to forget

But, oh shit, we were supposed to not forget victims of the Holocaust!

If my act flubs, I can just do what every other white male (eh) comic who tries to be empathetic and comes on hard times does, and just sell out and start making a career out of being incredibly stupid, which sells really well to incredibly stupid people. Louis fuckin' CK. Fucker doesn't deserve time in my act.

Oh, wait, I can't, because I came out of the closet as nonbinary, and both my friends *and* my enemies will never let me back in! HAH! Trapped ya, bitch! Isn't that a cool plan? It's like one of those fucking pick-up-artist videos on YouTube! You know, the ones that are like "Seduce any woman in three seconds!" or *DESTROY YOUR ENEMY!* Especially when your enemy is the most part of yourself.

(And then you open it, and it's like "tell them you have a gun and they need to come with you! Always works for me! I guess women must just *love* to look at guns! And then I'm so irresistable that they don't even *blink* when I tell them I actually want to have sex with them!")

Fuckers like Trump don't even deserve time in the spotlight. Not when they're alive. Once they've killed themselves in the Fuhrerbunker, then yeah, skewer them, put their heads on a spike. But don't tell people about them when they're alive. Just tell people what they're like, and then say you're talking about someone *else*. that drives people *nuts*.

Or, you know, so I've heard... from members of my audience. And me. When people talk about Mister Rogers. and Hitler.

This act is really dedicated to Emmett Montgomery. He forced me to do it. See, he came at me after I dropped a dark line on him at his show, and he thought he could change me by dropping this line out-darking me. Mother fucker. Never.

Like, his whole thing is to show people darkness by being insidious. Nah. That ain't it, chief. You *really* want to scare people, make them laugh *without thinking*, then make them think about why they laughed. *That's* what scares people.

(I need to figure out where to put this) Jews are funny. Like, that Robin Williams line about why Germans are regarded as having no sense of humor: "do you think it might be bacause you killed all the funny people?"

I need to find Rands' article about nerds being fucking funny, and Rands is pretty goddamn funny, but I'd never know it because he's just this obscene alien who sounds homophobic because the whole comic is about being overtly, exaggeratedly gay

But yeah, did you see Pi? Jews are nerds. They're the nerds who get picked on by the jocks. John Lennon... kind of an asshole, but, well, that song, I haven't heard it, but I get what he's trying to say. And

I know some people get bothered by the word "Jew", but, like, you know what else used the word "Jew"? The end of Schindler's List, man. That movie is like universally respected. Except by, you know, fucking Nazis. But, like, yeah, by the point that you've reminded an entire people of the horrors they've endured, and you're at the end of the movie, and you're *about to* bring the mood back up, you don't use the word Jew if you're about to kick them in the teeth. So, like, if anybody in here *really has* a problem with the word Jew, then, like, okay, I'll *try* to make you comfortable, but, like, you'll be making me *super uncomfortable*, and man, fucking *Holocaust survivors*, like a *vast majority* of Holocaust survivors, okayed that wording, so you've gotta be telling me that you're not okay putting up with something that people who *survived the fucking Holocaust*, by and large, thought was basically *fine*. Like, they didn't have a problem being called Jews. You know what they had a problem with? The Holocaust.

In fact, it's such a starring role that, maybe after I tell that joke, I say that I don't like the term Holocaust (because, yeah, kind of), but moreover, I think that the word has too much shock value, and I think the thing that should have shock value should be the *thought* of the Holocaust, so instead I'm just gonna point at that star when I would have said "the Holocaust" - or you know, I'm gonna try, this is just a rehearsal, if I fuck up, y'all can go ahead and point at the star, and you'll make me think of the Holocaust, but don't worry, because you'll make me laugh.

And, by the end of this show, you're gonna be laughing about the Holocaust, because you know why? Because you're gonna be *stronger than it*, and you're gonna do everything in your power to make sure *it never happens again*.

Because it hasn't happened yet. You can always stop it. You can stop, stop, stop any time. One of the things I'm trying to show in this act is that something can be going one way, you think you know where it's going, you think you know where society's headed, and you have to *waffles* AHAHAHAHAHAHA!! (this one has to come after my breakfast joke) You can relieve the tension at any time, and you can cut it with comedy, instead of *points to star*

Yeah, that's what I'm trying to say. *That* is what happens when you can't think of anything funny. Because what's *funny* is what we *don't think is possible within our social circumstances*. Like, honestly? Better than the flowchart, that's kind of what I think laughter is. It's just how we cope with someone changing what we previously

But, like, if that's true, then why *WAFFLES! AHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHA!* Why was *that* funny? I already did that. Is it because you just didn't think I'd do it a*WAAFFFFFFFFFFFFLES!* Hitler's secret weapon: the Luftwaffle.

But, like, yeah, I think that's what makes a joke tired: seeing it again, and again, and again, and again, until you've come to expect it. And you know what I'm tired of? (points at star)

Okay, it's easy for people to think that I'm pointing at this star and trying to say "You know what I'm tired of? *Jews*." So, it's here on the whiteboard, I'm gonna go ahead...

(writes "REPRESENTS THE HOLOCAUST" on the whiteboard, and underlines it, and underlines it again, and then squiggles, and maybe writes "Al... masrah..." Ooh! No, I can say "Almasrah Mufakhakh", but I can see if I can learn how to write whatever they call The Holocaust in Arabic, and write that while I say "Almasrah Mufakhakh" again)

Why is hitting you over the head with this kind of symbolism so funny to me? Because people still haven't gotten it! Like, the symbolism can be as fucking overt as *Schindler's Fucking List*, and people will still look at it and squint and be like "but what does it *mean*?" Don't get me wrong, there's a lot of *fucking dynamite* symbolism in Schindler's List,

Some reviewer for CityArts: "Tonight, I saw a comic who spent the whole night making Holocaust jokes, then said he wanted to do an entire comedy act about Schindler's List. (points at whiteboard where it says "REPRESENTS THE HOLOCAUST") One star."

But yeah, my whole comedy act is not because I want to show off how much funnier I am than, well, pretty much every comedian I've ever seen live, if I'm being *brutally* honest, sorry Emmett. It's because I need *y'all* to be funnier. And you can. This act is basically just, I mean, the whole show is just me telling you where I steal my jokes from. "Originality is remembering what you've heard, but forgetting where you heard it". I don't remember where I heard it, but BELL! AHOYYYYYY HOYYYYY! Who said that thing about originality? ("who said that" can maybe be a bit where Bell says "who said what", and then I say "that thing about originality", and then it turns into a whole Who's on First routine where Bell says "You did", and then I go "I did what?" and then we go on for as long as I can write the procedure for, and then I break the tension by saying "Where were we? Oh yeah. The Who's on First routine was invented in vaudeville shows and perfected by the comedy duo of Bud Abbott and Lou Costello", and then Bell says who said the thing about originality, and I go "YOU KNEW THE WHOLE FUCKING TIME? GOD DAMNIT BELL, WE DO THIS EVERY NIGHT", and then I'll crack up, because doing this bit will get tenser and tenser the more I have to do it)

I should explain that "vaudeville" was not a place, which is a thing I thought until I was like 25, it's short for "vaux d'ville", or "Voice of the Village"

My brain has race conditions.

## what even is this one-off

People always kind of aggregate to hold the random perimiter of territory of their culture's space. You can't just tokenize folks at the fringes and claim they're representative of "the *real* XYZ", because, well, no. They might be saying that stuff? But, like... ah, I can't go into this one right now.

## A little bit about forgiveness and having a sense of humor

Fred Rogers' problem was that he was unfailingly forgiving. Too New Testament, not enough Old Testament.

Ohh, the Bible is a joke, the New Testment is a punchline, *damn* that joke took a while to pay off

I think every storyteller has their own model of storytelling, and that's mine. Every story is a joke. It starts off, and then it gets worse and worse and worse and worse, and then you get to the punchline, and it brings it back, and it makes people smile. Or it doesn't bring it back, it just falls excruciatingly flat, and *that* makes people smile. Or maybe it doesn't really bring it back, it just kinda lingers there, and maybe things just got better and better in your story? And riches to *more riches* isn't really funny, unless you think it means things are gonna get darker for *you*, unless you laugh at this guy's fucking joke*LAAAAAAUGH! LAUGH AT MY JOOOOOKES!* But yeah, that's my model for how shit comics get popular.

Anyway, yeah, there's the punchline. And then you explain your joke, for all the people who didn't get it, because most of us don't get each others' jokes. But we should. There's a lot of *weird* fucking comedy out there, but if you can *understand* it, then you can *do* it. And you *can* understand it, you just have to be willing to admit "I don't get it", and ask them to explain. Because, shit, sometimes the explanation of a joke is *funnier than the actual joke*. And, god damn, I wish I could take credit for that, but again, David Wain's a fucking professor - like, you'd think I'd have met the guy (and this would be the part in a big production where David Wain would walk in, like Marshall McLuhan in Annie Hall, another *genius* of explaining the joke - oh god *damn*, I have got to have a routine in Bell for Marshall McLuhan)

The reason Bell has all these acts built in is because I expect I'm gonna need moments to catch my breath, because I'm going pretty hard, and honestly, what gives me energy is hearing someone else tell a joke. Even if that someone else is me, sitting in a room, ten minutes before the show, recording a new bit to put in Bell. Memory. (and this would be where I segue into Memento)

You know what I do if the act went south? Like, if someone filled the room with a bunch of fucking mannequins, and I just, nothing I can do will make them laugh? "Ah, fuck y'all." And then I activate the self destruct sequence and walk out. Because I've got a few of them in Bell, and the one I use when I give up is fucking *funny*. And when I trigger it, then "nobody is laughing" changes, because then I'm laughing, at a room full of fucking statues, fucking gravestones, totems to being nothing that are completely dead inside, and, like Trump (if I do the bit about the opposite of Harold Bornstein's joke in my "kill him by pushing him, at all, like down an escalator or something"), probably full of hypodermic needles and dried jizz, depending on what dumpster you get the mannequin out of,
