# Great Pairings Throughout History

## General Guidelines

The two should be damn near inseparable counterparts, like, if you're talking about the former, you can't not talk about the latter.

It's okay if one's more prominent than the other, though: like, they never got around to making Rocky VII (Adrian's Revenge).

The two have to be lovers, even if the way they share their love isn't explicit (like Artoo and Threepio, who are *definitely* an old queer couple). They can't just be things or abstract concepts.

There shouldn't be other arguable pairings. Like, Ross and Rachel... I don't think so, man. And as much as I really, really, really want to, I can't include most of Joss Whedon's characters on this list (at least, not the Buffy ones), even when there's a very clear pairing like Buffy and Angel. (I also can't include that one because of the whole incredibly-abusive-Angelus-angle, but, you know.)

The dynamic of the relationship has to be mutual, healthy, and realistic. That's why we're not including any of the relationships from Twilight. (Sorry, folks, having the hots for a baby is not OK.)

Nothing against vampires, though. We *do* include Dracula's love for Lisa Tepes, because while he doesn't have a healthy relationship with the *world*, he did have a healthy relationship with *her* (and the tragedy was that she was *fixing* his love for the world).

Like, I need to make this clear: two characters that are *dating* do not count as lovers in my book. Count Olaf and Esme Squalor, for instance, don't really care about each other.

### Open question

Should Groundhog Day and Edge of Tomorrow be counted on this list? I don't think they should. Neither should Jon and Laurie in Watchmen. The power dynamic of one person having infinite time and space enveloping the other is not a foundation for healthy love. *That being said*, I *do* think it is possible for Phil and Cage to *start* a healthy relationship with Rita (they're *both* called Rita, *goddess damn* Edge of Tomorrow was bold) with the wisdom they have gained after exiting the loop: however, as the development that relationship is not textually explored in the films, I don't believe they should be counted here. (Now, if my sequel to Edge of Tomorrow ever gets made, where Cage and Rita get married and have kids, and then their *children's* deaths send them back in time...)

(And yeah, the moment they experience the loss of a child, they jump back to the moment of their kids' conception, every time it happens, and it happens a *lot*. It's hilarously horrifying. Hollywood: call me.)

## Rejected pairings

### Unrequited Loves

- Venus and Adonis
- Cable and Deadpool (if Deadpool can be said to truly love Cable)

### Erotic Nemeses

- Dumbledore and Grindelwald
- Adora and Catra
- Holmes and Moriarty
- Patience and the Amazing Screw-On Head
- Will and Hannibal
- Batman and (Catwoman/Poison Ivy/Joker/Bane)

### Murder/Suicide Buddies

- Sid and Nancy
- Kurt and Courtney
- Romeo and Juliet
- Ladd and Lua (even though I *so* want to include this one)
- Also Will and Hannibal
- William S. Burroughs and Joan Vollmer

The point of this list was to be a kind of lesser version of the "Erotic Nemeses" list, but I'm starting to wonder if maybe muder-couples shouldn't be included on this list (even if they never try to murder each other), like:

- Mickey and Mallory
- Bonnie and Clyde (I'm not clear if their muders were All In The Game or not)
- Also Butch and Sundance et al (which also fall under Just Friends and a bunch of other stuff)

### Mentor/Child Dynamics

- Ralph and Vanellope (yes, this is despite us having *dressed as them*)
- Batman and Robin
- Simon and Marcy
- Rocky and Frank N. Furter
- Henry Higgins and Eliza Doolittle
- V and Evey
- Peter Pan and Wendy (though *which one is which* is up to you)
  - Peter's relationship to Tinkerbell is similarly ambiguous, if you consider Hook as canon

### Otherwise abusive dynamics

Villains generally end up here, because they ususally don't care about others as much as they care about themselves. Hence their being villains. (Rule of thumb: if they wouldn't risk a limb to save the other's life, it's no good.)

- Joker and Harley is usually not presented as a super healthy relationship. Like, see "Joker's Millions", where Joker just straight-up abandons Harley because he can.
- Similarly, Count Olaf and Esme Squalor are just dating, and don't really care about each other.
- Walter White and Skyler - see Walt's confession in the finale.
- Johnny and Lisa. NO NO NO NO NO NO NO

### Probably Just Friends

- Holmes and Watson
  - The show Sherlock got the Holmes/Watson dynamic perfectly: Watson's too romantic for Sherlock.
  - Like I said, no couples where there are arguable better pairings. Watson was widowed, man.
- Annie and Owen
  - I do have a different romance from Maniac on the list, though

### Not strong enough name recognition

- George and Jane Jetson. Too bland, yo.
- Barney and Betty. Would you know this is the Rubbles if it weren't next to Fred and Wilma?
- Martin Riggs and His Dead Wife - even though I really like how Lethal Weapon 4 ended by not forgetting about her, yeah, she's not a character, she's a backstory (she's not even mentioned by name in the Wikipedia article for Lethal Weapon).
- Mister Freeze and Mister Freeze's Wife: same gig. I should probably add a "both characters have to be actual characters" explainer up top, huh?

### Insufficiently interdependent

I *almost* added Mickey and Minnie, but then I decided not, because there are a *lot* of things you could say about Mickey Mouse before getting to Minnie, but not the same way the other way around. Like, for a couple to make it to this list, they need to be so closely connected that the other is *unavoidably in the top five things you would note about the character*, you know?

Thoughts from before I cut this entry:

- This raises the question of whether Bugs and Lola should appear on this list, as well as Mario and Peach.
- I would argue "absolutely not" for Lola Bunny, because you do not get to show up in fucking *Space Jam* and claim to be anyone's soul mate.
- Mario and Peach I'm counting out because of the way Super Mario Odyssey ends (which got me on this whole thought train - there are *lots* of Mario things that don't involve Peach).

## Included

Basically, if the characters aren't married, or don't function *very much like* a married couple (like, I don't think it's ever been clear what Isaac and Miria's deal is), they don't fit on this list.

- Laura and Urkel
- Rocky and Adrian
- JFK and Jackie
- C3PO and R2D2
- Kumar and Bag of Weed
- Sam and Diane
  - Okay, sure, Rebecca came in later, but FUCK NO, SAM AND DIANE IS IMMORTAL SHORTHAND.
- Morticia and Gomez
- Van and Earn
  - I believe in this one, because Van hasn't really had anybody else come along who's a match for her as *deeply* as Earn. There was that one German guy, but *charming* does not strictly equal romantic.
  - As Atlanta is still ongoing, this is probably the most tentative entry on the list. Earn *always* has lower to fall.
- Ruby and Sapphire
- Hellboy and Liz
- The Monarch and Doctor Girlfriend
- Dante and Beatrice
  - Dante only narrowly nudging out Lemony Snicket here
- Cecil and Elliot
- Bob and Carol and Ted and Alice
- Bill and Frances
  - Yeah, I'm back and forth on this one, too, seeing as, how, well, not to spoil the ending, but, yeah.
  - The thing is, I think it was real, for whatever brief moment they had, before fate and folly tore them apart. Like JFK and Jackie, or Lisa and Dracula, or Kumar and Bag of Weed.
- Scud and Sussudio
- Adam and Eve (sure, why not)
- Jack and Ennis (even though I haven't actually seen Brokeback Mountain, this list is just way too hetero otherwise)
- James and Azumi
- Ned and Chuck
- Kelvin and Hari
  - Solaris is the film that I feel may have best crystallized the true meaning of love for me.
- Catherine and Heathcliff
- Lisa and Dracula
  - Dracula here referring *exclusively* to the Castlevania Anime Dracula, for whom Lisa is *essential*
  - Yeah, Lisa's a Dead Wife, but she got a scene where we got to see what they saw in each other, so, you know, that's good enough for me.
- Han and Leia
- Bonnibel and Marceline
  - these two *arguably* don't fit the interdependence test I laid out above, but I'm looking at this from a post-Time-Adventure perspective
- Lily and James
- Lupin and Tonks
- Isaac and Miria
- Jacuzzi and Nice
- Joel and Shiela
- Tandy and Carol
- Eleanor and Chidi
  - Chidi had that girl at the University that Eleanor tried to set him up with, but, you know, he and Eleanor are pretty much canonically Soul Mates by this point
  - It's not like the whole Tahani / Jason / Janet triangle which is LEGITIMATELY ambiguous, yo
- Fred and Wilma
- Homer and Marge
- George and Lorraine
- Steven and Connie
  - I feel a *little* wrong for putting two kids' first relationship on this list?
  - But, like, come on, Rebecca Sugar, YOU WOULDN'T BREAK OUR HEARTS BY HAVING STEVONNIE BREAK UP
- Bobby and Connie
  - SAME DAMN RELATIONSHIP AND THIS TIME I MAKE ZERO APOLOGIES
- Hank and Peggy
- Tristan and Isolde
  - I make one exception to my "no love triangles" rule here
- Jake and Lady Rainicorn
- Lady and The Tramp
- Roger Rabbit and Jessica
- Jesse and Tulip
- Bill and Sookie
- Dexter and Rita
- Daenerys and Khal Drogo
- Bill, Barb, Nikki, and Margie
