# A Bellarian Analysis of Mystery Men

Mystery Men! One of the most Discordian films ever made. Especially the character of the Sphinx, whose true superpower, as he trains *each of the heroes* in (...*maybe* not the Spleen), is *being mysterious*. And what I mean by that is that he trains them all in gags that are a lot funnier, because they're a lot less obvious, and in making them even more underestimable, liberates them:

- The Shoveler learns to use *other shovels*, ones that we weren't aware he had (it's a shame the movie doesn't get into the significance of his shovel, which belonged to King Arthur and is known as the Singing Shovel).
- The Blue Rajah learns to stop focusing on hitting people with the grace of his movements, and focus on hitting them with his *forks*. (And like, the second the Sphinx tells him to "hide his power" using the shawl, we see *right away* that he's actually *really good already*! Sphinx is probably teaching him to perform more like the way he practices, the way the Rajah knows he can throw and probably imagines he comes off in combat, when he adds something completely irrelevant because he thinks it's necessary.)
- Invisible Boy was already pretty damn mysterious, but he basically just learns to appreciate that he *is* mysterious, and not crazy. His unbelievable feelings were true, and his superpower works exactly the way he'd been telling everybody. (Man, I think I cried the first time I saw that scene.)
- The Bowler... finally reconciles with her father! Like, that's a *startlingly* literal metaphor: she's okay admitting how much her father's work carries her, and she's okay letting her father get his own revenge and move of his own volition (something it isn't clear he could do before this scene, where he outright floats in mid-air) instead of throwing him around and swearing that it's her job to get revenge for him - and that her job should be to be mysterious, as a distraction.
- The Spleen... well, he becomes "silent but deadly". (And foreshadows the theme of mystery that we then see play out with every other hero.) He... finds love, with a skunk? After thinking he was unloveable, and Invisible Boy tells him that he should stop being afraid and "just go with it"? (Like I said, this movie is, like, *perfectly* Discordian.)
- And Mister Furious finally learns to master his rage, rather than letting his rage be his master - not *suppressing* it, but *embodying* it, being overwhelmed *with* it instead of being overwhelmed *by* it. Roy learns that he doesn't have to lose himself to harness his superpower - he just needs to *lose his superpower*, his boundless rage, letting himself feel other things ("My name's Roy, and I am in a super amount of pain right now...").

Also, it's beautiful, because its whole point is "oddballs are best when you train them to be better oddballs", and Roy almost misses out on it because he thinks it's a distraction.

And hence why the movie is fucking called Mystery Men, come on, oh my GODDESS how am I just putting this theme together?
