# Aneris

or "Eristics", or something. Basically, it's a movie about Eris, and Eris coming to Earth because her power is waning or something. The twist at the end is that, of course, Eris isn't real, this entire world is fake, and the whole thing is allegorical to help *real* people understand that *truth __is stranger__ than fiction* - so long as you keep thinking of cohesive works of fiction like they're "stranger versions of reality", you're gonna be forever lost. I think it's been said somewhere before that the only difference between the Truth and Lies is that Lies have to make sense, and that's kind of the point with this one: there can be bizarre jokes, but since it's a *story*, they all have this kind of perfect *design* to them, and *reality* has no such clear design.

## bits copied out of Google Keep

"What number am I thinking of right now?"

Well, you were thinking of Brett Farve's number, but that got you thinking about Green Bay and now you're thinking of cartoon wedges of cheese. And now you're thinking of me naked, because that's the best defense mechanism you have to cope with women you find threatening. But don't worry, your thoughts are too boring for me to pay attention to you if I don't have to.

I'm all-powerful. I actually just changed my appearance completely, in the middle of this sentence.

so there's an actress change there

characters all go "no you didn't" and Eris just doesn't even miss a beat and goes on, because the whole point is to show the audience that she's more powerful than everything

she doesn't Parnassus, though, because the whole point is she'll do something for a gag and then never has to do it again if she doesn't want to

The whole plot of the movie involves Eris telling humans she's all-loving and all-powerful, but she needs their help to defeat Aneris, and we think there's a twist where Aneris takes her powers away

and then the Sid she blew away in that Act 1 thing comes and saves her and it's this incredible moment, and just when it seems like everything's fine a giant alien demon emerges from Eris's chest, and then just when everybody's terrified Eris calmly walks in from a side door, goes "oh hey guys what's going on" and bursts the demon into a cloud of confetti, and when they go "holy shit, so you're the real Eris? Then who the hell was that?" and Eris explains "Oh, I'm not the real Eris. I'm not real." and then Leo goes "oh God, I was actually crazy all along!" and Eris goes "No, you're movie characters. Well, screenplay characters, until this script gets picked up (mutters) yeah, as if", and explains that, just because they're living in a ridiculously exaggerated fictional parable, that doesn't make their reality any less real, to them, and they should live just looked what normal life is like. And that's when one of the characters says that, if this is a movie, then the female empowerment angle seems kind of trite, right? I mean, we all more it less got it that when Hillary Clinton narrowly won the Presidential election. That's why they don't make movies like this any more. Anyway, I guess we'll all go see a doctor tomorrow, because what we just experienced was *weird*, and there's probably a gas leak or something.

and we also see the Twin Towers are still standing and there was only ever one World War