# Data Smuggler Arc

The Internet is a Big Blob of Data, or at least, it *has* one. You can call it "The Great Big Distributed Internet Data Mass" (kind of like The Great Pacific Ocean Plastic Garbage Mass or whatever).

I like that idea/term to describe "basically all reachable fixed data", like "Plain Old Telephone Service".

Data is incredibly fungible, it's incredible that people don't realize how arbitrarily emergent data can be. There are more interesting ways we can structure it than the ways we do now.

Also, decentralization and content indexing have the potential to be truly disruptive, you know, like that new internet idea that was the basis for the most recent season of Silicon Valley

Here are some [Quests][] around that.

[Quests]: 6f25cf97-8ee8-460e-9db8-3c241cadbff0.md

### Wow, this is lazy

[GD2018M]: f3f3d6ba-6342-415a-9f3b-ab4f1d75a692.md
[Barfspace Quests]: 5d6dccaf-195b-4010-a378-eb7a9626ec79.md

Figure out if Data Smuggling can get attached to an index page or something else in the "tree".

This quest is in kind of a weird place: half of it's been done, and the rest was a blip that needs to be disentangled and should go in the [Great December 2018 Migration][GD2018M] and/or [Barfspace Quests][].

I'm saving that until after the former is finished.

- [ ] At least move this quest up to the top with the other meta quests, c'mon.
- [x] Should that page be like the umbrella workspace / project page / index / notes / whatever for this arc?
- [ ] It'd be nice to have some kind of linkdump for the various directions I go in discovering resources for this
 - [ ] This kind of linkdump also sounds like something that'd be movable to Lean Notes, except that I guess I feel the subject matter is a bit too esoteric.
 - [ ] Maybe this is a weird way to frame this, but: have I considered absorbing Lean Notes into this repository, and that way I just have one big mass of notes instead of an arbitrary divide between both? I like that
  - To be clear, I'm bringing this up right here because it's a blocker in the sense that creating linkdumps aggregating my notes on discovering things in various domains is not only pretty clearly Lean Notes' turn right now, but I'm pretty sure I've even already made a few Lean Notes (Also, hey, first time I've put a non-checkbox for a bulleted item on one of these lists, for when I'm just straight-up making notes inline with my todo, and there's no way it could possibly be acted upon! *hobgoblin of consistency slain*
    - [ ] Rejoin this thread back up somewhere around the "Quest About Describing These Quests" spec / style guide quest.
  - [ ] Complete the quest about steeling your nerve and changing the repo name to "notes.stuartpb.com"
  - [ ] This would also justify allowing multiple-first-ancestor merges into the tree, since this is a major content merger, and it would make merging in other smaller foreign trees like Pitches and Scripts less of a big deal.

### Alphabi Tooling

Honestly, this quest is looking less and less interesting in light of the Alphabelectric Experiment questline below.

- [ ] Build tooling kind of like the next quest, but for the much-harder-for-humans-to-write Alphabi encoding.

### The Alphabelectric Experiment

So, basically, I'm developing a way that robots will be able to talk to each other in English, but actually be communicating extremely complex underlying data. I mean, that's not the *first* way I'd use it, but it is the most conceptually terrifying, and it's always important to Go There first.

- [ ] Come up with new names for the family of concepts involved in this design.
  - [x] "charge"
  - [x] "energy"
  - [ ] ...yadda yadda yadda...
  - [ ] The family/class/genre of mapping-permutations-to-bytes-as-a-mnemonic-device projects
- [ ] Gather more experimentation / research data.
  - [ ] Plot the distribution of charge and energy values for all the words in Ubuntu's wordlist (my experiments' current wordlist basis, being developed in a C9 workspace).
- [ ] Write the basic implementation functions to be able to round-trip data for this.
- [ ] Write an example sentence / poem encoding 09f9 or another famous big number.
- [ ] Work on authorship tools.
  - [ ] Make a simple authorship tool that visualizes all the words in a sentence, and how to order them
  - [ ] Progress on Word Lists, Nets, and Ngrams to unlock a branch of development here, especially around auto-generating / pre-populating sentences.
    -  WordNet and/or a smarter/dumber solution (neural network, Markov chain) could possibly get real mind-blowing here, picking the most permutation-aligned word with nearby semantics to an existing word / the surrounding words, for autogen

## Steganography stuff

[Steganography][] is something I think about a lot. I don't think I'm ever going to be able to top [Alphabinary Encoding][https://alpha.bi/], which, as far as I'm concerned, is a force of nature that I was merely able to unearth, but there are other isomorphic vectors for information transmsission that I think about when trying to convey the futility of small censorship.

[Steganography]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steganography

Basically, I wish there was as much of a community around weird forms of steganography

- Conjectural tournament brackets. Not only can you smuggle N-1 bits in a bracket of N teams (and potentially exponentially more if you start allowing for things like scoring conditions and ties), but if you accept any arrangement of teams against each other, you can encode potentially hundreds of shannons (my original math said nearly 400, but I think that's not accounting for certain classes of symmetry). There are probably enough football leagues across Europe to exchange an entire RSA key each season.
