# Quests: Angst Edition

These are the quests I felt uncomfortable sitting right next to [my more straightforward quests][main-quests]. They're not informing my worldview any less, they're just... a lot to process, and not the kind of thing I'd want to stumble into right after reading a list of steps involved in making a stuffed blue elephant make Internet-controlled cheering sounds.

[main-quests][]: 6f25cf97-8ee8-460e-9db8-3c241cadbff0.md

## Arc of History

"The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice." - Martin Luther King, Jr.

"In the long run we are all dead." - John Maynard Keynes

### It's Actually That Bad

Welp, you failed to stop his ascendance to the throne, and now the Mad King is one unsupervised tantrum away from destroying the world in nuclear Dragonfire.

*(You'll need to go down both of these paths to unlock all possible quest options, but going too far enough down either one of these paths may cut off future quest options in the other. You will probably not be warned when this happens.)*

- [ ] Come to terms with this reality.
  - [ ] Decrease your attachment to trying to save small things.
- [ ] Try to change it.
  - [ ] Get to know your local political scene.
    - [x] going into any more detail here makes me uncomfortable right now

### And Just In Case That Wasn't Bad Enough

The climate is also on the verge of catastrophe, with no real means of solution in sight.

- [ ] Try to literally fight the tide.
  - [ ] Hold out hope that a solution is even possible. *(This mission is ongoing, and all requirements must be met to progress.)*

## Bottom-Up Politics

The big things are really too much to deal with. This could, potentially, wind up to influence the Arc of History, but who knows? There are only two trajectories there with really clear, immediate endgames that can't be averted within smaller quests. Someone with a more aspirational mind than mine could probably draft up some kind of grand design to it all that would have a clear trajectory, but I'm not exactly the kind of person who drafts up plans for the presidency when I'm still in college, you know? I'm more about the things I actually can imagine happening, in a room, with some folks, on their own.

### Let's Get a Party Going

Not that kind of party. No, like, yes, that kind of party, but not *that* kind of party. I mean, not the one you were thinking, if you were thinking this is supposed to be a play on words. Like, I could understand you thinking I'm talking about a political party, but I'm actually talking about a party like what Andrew W.K. was talking about. Like, I want to make that clear, the intent here is *not* to form a political party. If any sort of party apparatus coalesces out of this, it'd have to be as a consequence of particular groups of people finding each other and effectively connecting, I don't know - but it's far outside my rolodex.

- [ ] Get to know some people who run community events, especially politically-radical ones (that aren't just protesting),
