# A Prophecy Made when I Should Really be Sleeping

Sometimes I misgender my Goddess, as a joke, and she gets it, because Eris is the God that gets all jokes, especially the ones we don't realize we're telling.

Every time a Bell rings, an Angel gets its wings. And every time a phone rings, it's like a fucking Kalashnikov. BRRRRRRRING! Thosands of angels sprouting wings, at 400 rounds per minute! Let the bodies hit the sky, let the bodies hit the sky, Hev'nly Bodies kiss this guy.

Insert some classic spiritual cliche about Laughter here. And then... Improv!

[Am I a Bellarian? Or am I just a gullible freak?][Crow]

[Crow]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nFC7fyLBreU

We are all gullible freaks, which is why we fall for Eris's jokes so hard. And this is why we laugh. For, even in the darkest setups we know She loves us, and She has us. And we may not get the punchline she's working to now, but we will eventually. Even when we ask "Am I ever going to Get It?" Even if it is only at the coming of our one final Great Punchline. You will get it. And, boy, will you ever.

Eris isn't real. Neither is the number seven. Or the number nine. Not any more, at least, because seven ate nine. But seven got away with it, because seven has somehow managed to elude capture. The cops are still conducting a nationwide manhunt for the notorious cannibal number seven. If you would like to see this offender behind bars where it belongs, please turn over any information you may have about its whereabouts to the authorities, ya fuckin' snitch.

Stuart P. Bentley, Golden Snitch, Enemy of the Antichrist Harry Potter

Mary Poppins is a saint (and, as we know from Malaclypse the Younger, Walt Disney is God - not sure where this puts P.L. Travers, but I believe that ship has sailed, possibly to the prison colony where she was born and managed to escape before she died).

Sometimes, when I'm doing my Act, because I'm cursed to exist within the confines of Reality, I'll be guided by Eris into the setup for a great brick joke, one I won't understand or recognize until after the Act is over, when the brick crumbles and I learn that everybody else who's used this staircase just learned to treat it as a missing stair. I don't know the punchline. Even if I believe all Great Setups have their soul mates (and some souls have many mates, and kids all over town), sometimes I don't Know, I walk these empty streets, down the boulevard of broken dreams. I have often walked down this street before, but I can't find the place where they live.

Eris knows where you live. Eris always knows. Sometimes, Eris will act like she doesn't know, but Eris exists beyond time and space. She sees all punchlines. She's had the whole movie spoiled for her. She's constantly bombarded with all the negative protons of the universe. And she loves every second of it, nimble little minx.

Gozer is one of the Great Eternal Sinners (an avatar of Eris, who is incredibly scary but I'm pretty sure never actually kills anybody), as is a Sinner her lesser Avatar, the Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man

The Ghostbusters are Sinners, too, because their only job is to destroy funny Ghosts, like Slimer (The Holy Ghost of Saint John Belushi).

Man, just let the ghosts live. Don't trap them in a little box. If you want to do something about all these ghosts mazing around, you should consume them, devour them, take a pill and swallow them whole, like PAC-MAN (another Great Sinner, as prophesied by Colin while doing an eyeball-melting shitload of drugs in Bandersnatch).
