# Quests About Barfspace

Filling this page out is, in itself, part of a larger arc of communicating and understanding your internal state.

## Welcome to Barfspace

Explain Barfspace to others.

- [ ] Revisit the meta index and see what you want to do with it.
  - [ ] Throw it away? It'll still live in the Git history.
  - [ ] Make a Mood Board out of it?
- [ ] Write intelligible pages about some subjects.
  - [ ] [Explain the name.][explainer page]
  - [ ] Maybe salvage some of the thoughts from the old meta stuff
- [ ] Describe how this is kind of like Gists, but not owned by GitHub, and with tools to interlink
  - [ ] Talk about how it's nice to have people have separate repositories for owning their own words, and to just leverage the existing hypertext Web infrastructure (or maybe IPFS / IPLD)
- [ ] It really should be underscored how atypical all this stuff I'm doing with Barfspace is for me.
  - Like, I'm generally *huge* about names
  - This is part of how One Of Those Things With Me
  - Also, this is kind of like how Wordnet does definitions?
    - Also, wow, is there another project that tk defintions so deeply
    - Does Wordnet have a crossreference property on Wikidata?
      - How does Wikidata manage reification disagreements?
        - Is reification an appropriate term for "defining what a word/symbol means"? That's how I've been using it. Shit, wait, isn't that Quiddity? Oh dear, it's the [Metaquiddity][] vortex again.

## The Latest Trends and Lingo

I think if I search that phrase, I'm going to find another place somewhere in these notes where I wrote that. The Welcome Wagon page, the one that's supposed to have the tour?

- [ ] Describe Editor (aka Gnome) Notes.
  - [ ] Why write them instead of actually doing the thing?
    - [x] Editor notes are like a chalk mark when you're doing an inspection in a room before the movers come in: it's for sketching out tasks on the page before doing anything big with it.
    - [x] Editor notes have to live on the page they're about.
  - [ ] What's their lineage? What's a Gnome?
    - [ ] Actually, what lineage does Barfspace owe to Wikipedia, anyway?
      - [ ] How does it take Wiki concepts to the extreme? How does it shatter them?
- [ ] Describe Blip Notes.
  - They're not-really-related inline one-offs that are written where they stand rather than figure out the appropriate place for them right now.
  - They're appropriate when the surrounding context helps illustrate what'd be involved in finding and/or building a proper home for them.
  - Sometimes, they should just be moved to Loose Notes, but don't stress it, man, it's Barfspace.
    - Weird tangent, that's what I thought "Forget it Jake, it's Chinatown" meant, even though I've seen that movie and [that is not what it's about][Chinatown].
      - Oh god though, when I had that "hey, what was the context for that line in Chinatown" thought and found this on Google,
      - I don't know if I've written about this in my Angst Zone yet, but this comes from me having seen Chinatown back in my "not really understanding movies" phase / days? I don't know, honestly, sometimes I watch an old movie, especially from the 70s, and I'm like, "okay, this is weird and hard to understand".
      - I should still rewatch all the movies I saw before about 2011. I still want to find out if Slacker is actually bad or if I was just incredibly fragile.
      - I should *really really* write a delta (see [Squashing the Deltas][], which I should maybe check and see if I need to explain more?)
      - I'm having this real brainwave here about how describing this TK: sidebyside SE vs me just casual
      - Oh man, "explaining what it feels like in my brain" hash tag here: what reading these notes feels like to other people is what reading what a lot of other people think is "intelligible" feels like to me
        - Actually, *should* I use hashtags? No, that's what the point of the pages is, to make it so you can use a link to a page explaining the tag as the hashtag, and you don't need to fuss about giving the idea a name, like right here I'm just calling it "this is what it's like to live in my brain" or, see, that's not even the same sentence, but without needing names it's a lot easier to describe
  - I think BLIP might actually work out really well, since there are lots of things where, like, this was the whole idea behind that "News" or whatever page that I'm not even linking to right now because I haven't used it, that sometimes I need to say what I *was* thinking of to explain why I'm thinking of this *other* thing, and without that context, like, I wouldn't care about it?
  - [ ] What's their lineage?
    - [x] Quick margin notes in notebook pages
- [ ] Describe TK notes.
  - There's a predating-the-caps-and-colon-convention editor note somewhere around here about incomplete sentences, and needing to have a way to say "I need to bounce, but here's a refresher of the rest of this sentence"
  - TK notes are that
  - You always want to write out as much as you can without /**/, because, as the old saying about code comments goes, "write your code comments clearly enough for another programmer to follow, because some day that programmer might be you".
  - So, like, you can potentially leapfrog massive amounts of [PPSS][] bottlenecking by writing an entire page in TK bottlenecking
  - I like the idea that, like, tk is always shorthand for improvements I can think but haven't typed
  - tk that one episode of seinfeld where jerry remembers a joke in the middle ofthe night
  - "tk" is basically a TODO comment that's potentially on every line
  - it tk expiring asset
  - so "tk" is, like, an explicit "I am being cryptic for brevity here", and it's not to confuse anybody
  - tk idle improvement
  - I feel like Henrietta Pussycat going "meow meow idle improvement", like I'm just hitting the important words
  - I think TK is going to catch fucking fire within barfspace, did I mention the vision of, like, once a line no longer has a tk on it that means it's Done&trade;, and like every line would have some TK
  - so I'd be trading off the speed of writing for the reliability of reinterpretation... shit, I've discovered a lossy realtime data compression convention for English
  - wait a second duh, this is just "shorthand", that's basically the real lineage of what tk's about, it's me throwing in a certain level of shorthand
  - and like, potentially the thing I write when I stop trying to make the fit but I give in and type "tk" can just make enough sense to not be rewritten, so a weird short tk just lives there like that
    - and everybody gets, "oh, hey, I'm not supposed to parse this like English, but yeah I get it"
  - BLIP: I need to tell Gravis about barfspace and especially this page and tk, I suspect they may dig it
  - The lineage of tk is I think on Wikipedia
  - Maybe I should use something with a bit more visual pop than "tk", something that has more visual distinction, like // ?
    - I feel like I tried this once and my connents started needing comments and I had to scrap the whole idea, but you know what, that's no reason not to try again with these symbols, even if I'm remembering this whole thing right
    - Oh, you know what? Maybe it's just that I need inline comments, too.
    - On that note, yeah I think C-style comments make the most symbolic sense for this repo
      - Though actually, I kind of like, what if it's percent signs? That makes it feel like Postscript, which is what these messes read like, like the pipe crashed and now there's Postscript commands in your markdown data

[PPSS]: d9275f1c-412c-40da-8bd0-ac4d80bd4513.md
[Chinatown]: https://movies.stackexchange.com/a/1549/12626
[Squashing the Deltas]: 7aa7bddd-8a06-4402-90b8-0e4026db67fa.md

## Dividing Up the Old World

Barfspace has essentially grown to encompass most of the previous failed projects I'd meant to do writing on.

See also [The Great Migration Plan of December 2018][GMP]

[GMP]: f3f3d6ba-6342-415a-9f3b-ab4f1d75a692.md

- [ ] Close stuartpb.plan.
  - [ ] Remove plan.md itself.
  - [ ] Rewrite the README to point to barfspace
  - [?] Archive the repo.
- [ ] Finally go back and revisit that "my-old-bad-ideas" page on the README.
- [ ] Revisit the list from when things were first being merged into [Lean Notes][] (when bagtent was first being devised).
  - [ ] Figure out a litmus test for the difference between Meditations and Musings, or merge the former (in Lean Notes) into the latter (here).
  - [ ] Merge pitches-and-scripts into here, where it's less embarassing (since there's a sort of ambient embarassment about the place here).
- [ ] Work out what the plan is going to be for developing Lean Notes.
  - [ ] Honestly, at this point, shouldn't it be `lean-notes`? Even though it doesn't match the .com?
  - [ ] See the "wow, this is lazy" quest below for some thoughts on just straight merging that repo in.
    - [ ] I think the one thing of value that would be lost would be GOD DAMNIT THIS IS WHY I'M MAKING TK A THING
    - Oh, okay, now I remember, I was going to say "the GitHub Issues I was starting to use for drafting" ("tk issues" would have done that for me), tk can go in barfspace
- [ ] Take some territory from [petlogs][].
  - [ ] Papercuts were a plan in at least one machine: that's something that can move here.
  - [ ] a weird thing is that I only feel comfortable capitalizing machine names, which wouldn't count case-sensitive against the hostname, here in barfspace where there's no expectation of structure at all

[Lean Notes]: https://github.com/stuartpb/leannotes
[petlogs]: https://github.com/stuartpb/leannotes

## Dividing Up the New World

I guess this'll probably be the canonical Sisyphean labor for not just trying to give structure to barfspace, but to track the giving of that structure.

- [ ] Carry out some of the plans from the [Department of Development][dept]
- [ ] Split each arc into its own page, this page is starting to get too long and unruly. That'll also allow for more meta-structure around arcs (hooray, meta-structure!)
  - [ ] As we split out, diaspora OK? Quests becoming just a convention that's pervasive through all notes? That'd be cool to me
  - [ ] Write somewhere (in the neighborhood of [metaquiddity][] or [the meta collection][]) about how it's totally natural for more layers of indirection to organically emerge like this
    - [ ] Shout out to the tree down by the "Everything I Know" or whatever quest in the Mindfulness Arc, which is doing this same sort of layer-forming
      - [ ] Like, ultimately, this is part of my overall intent with the Meta Collection to capture my meditations on writing in this repo, and how they echo out in the world around me
      - [ ] Should loop in that one XKCD somewhere around here about an entire system just existing to maintain itself, because I know that's definitely a mania thing I take care to avoid
      - [ ] There's also the thing about how this is all kind of like a rough draft and how, with programming / creative projects, notes like this as a to-do list, if you return to them a ton, so long as you're only focusing on things you currently can do and sub-dividing what you can currently do, you can eventually get to a point where you've effectively accomplished your entire task in the form of specifying out its entire structure (or that a bunch of the chains will collapse into completion after a very small number of nontrivial tasks complete and all the effectively-Promise.all()-like-waits close with the parent checks getting checked off by their lists being completed)
      - [ ] Another meta idea I'm gonna drop right here right now: how, like, all this fanciness I'm doing for hashes is only really necessary for humans under the assumption that we need an adversarial model for authoritative / canonical names like IPNS, and how just searching for a thing and picking the most popular result, like, no kidding Google legitimately changed the world, and now just googling eight words from a John Mulaney act is enough to find you the full transcript within five seconds
- [ ] However Lean Notes eventually shakes out, do have at least another notes instance that wouldn't be published.
  - [ ] Figure out what'd be an appropriate way to distribute this.
    - [ ] Keep a master repository in an encrypted repo on a USB stick on your router-server?
      - [ ] Complete the "Flash Open-Source Router Firmware" quest (which I don't think I've written up yet) to unlock this path.
    - [ ] Keep it on your desktop, and just try to keep it booted into Linux forever?
      - [ ] Unlock the "Booting Stutendo Under Stushiba" tech to make this a more feasible idea.
  - [ ] See note about Blackbeard's treasure currently on Loose Notes.
- [ ] Linking to the Wikipedia page on Eventualism might be good here

[dept]: eb1e81f8-5939-4f85-9930-418044018a75.md
[metaquiddity]: 3ef0ffc5-818e-4c16-be90-0a8bd6eb8778.md
[the meta collection]: 8c5a1d30-97d9-4395-85be-b6c8ba57b239.md

## Owning Your Own Words

Should this really be called barfspace? That makes it a very "separate" project, and it's really transformed into something very tightly enmeshed with your identity; even Test Track 4 (which was your email address's domain name for a solid *decade*) became an uncomfortable side-brand, and that didn't even have "barf" in the name.

- [ ] Rename this repo to something else.
  - [ ] I've been thinking "notes.stuartpb.com", pretty much: keeps things from looking like I want anything here to be any sort of long-term publishing destination.
  - [ ] Figure out what to do with all these lingering references to "barfspace" around.
    - [ ] Turn them into links to an [explainer page][]?
    - I guess if this becomes notes.stuartpb.com, then you'd just call the general conceptual space of zero-filter self-oriented incidental-publishing (ie. using any platform in this fashion, not just bagtent, which can be used in other fashions) "Open Notes", like "the Open Notes movement"
      - BLIP: I should have pages for Movements the way I have pages for Projects, like, that's really what stuff I'm even currently listing like like Praisefiles is, at its core. I'm just realizing right now, oh hey, there's nothing wrong with describing movements you'd like to see happen, that is literally what Marxism was Karl Marx doing
      - or maybe we'll call it XON, pronounced like "Exxon", for "*eXtreme* Open Notes" *(electric guitar, monster truck noises)*
    - [ ] Use barfspace as a greater term for the general, like, mass of worse-is-better content, that's only structured in that it's easily accessible from a desktop terminal (ie. it's hyperlinkable).
    - [ ] It's barf because it's half-digested, inconsistent and gross, but you needed to get it out, and you can move a lot better now that you did.
    - [ ] So, like, under this definition, a large, amorphous section of my notes could be said to live "in Barfspace", but, like, particularly-polished circuits that blur the lines into being sub-projects (like Lean Notes) would be less clearly "barfspace" (though bagtent could easily be thought of as a "Barfspace system"
    - [ ] Where'd I write that whole thing about Googlability? It's on this page somewhere, I don't want to ctrl+f for it because I'd lose my caret position (another +1 for separate files, and for a heuristic if multiple files would be appropriate for things in general). Anyway, I like the idea of the UUID of that explainer document just like straight-up being "here's the UUID of Stuart's page defining Barfspace, anyone else making a page for it is just riffing off of that, and Stuart might have merged stuff in back, but if someone feels their definition / scope / sense / usage has significantly drifted from stuartpb's, they can give it its own UUID, and maybe make a stub at the UUID of Stuart's version of the page that describes the divergence, because the idea is pages by vague concept that is really just defined by the content on the page and the position of that page relative by links to the pages of the rest of the tree") - the UUID is just an inherently unambiguous name to refer to a specific, at the broadest it'd be phenomena surrounding a given UUID, like what happened with 09f911
    - [ ] Merge this train of thought into wherever that one quest like this under the whole distributed-data-mass arc is going.
- [ ] Merge in Lean Notes, because at this point, if it's all just "my notes", there's no reason to hold the distinction across repos: graduation can just be a matter of a link "making it". It can just worke like, you know, Wikipedia: no "incubator phase" necessary.
- [ ] This would mean that the current README files of barfspace and Lean Notes would become new pages, and there'd be a *new* README
  - [ ] Progress more on the Meta track (like rereading my-old-bad-ideas and revisiting the Meta Collection) to feel like you've got a handle enough on this to write *another* level of "this page is in flux, here's what I can tell you about what it looks like" README (and see if you can then maybe subsequently do it less in the prior READMEs - remember to do a foreign tree merge).
  - another xkcd that captures what it's like to have truly unbridled organic development: [xkcd 1360][]
- [ ] It's worth exploring why I've become more ready to use a system like this instead of one of the things I've used in the past like Isues or Trello

[explainer page]: f5d72b81-ccb9-45d0-8029-be70895f65ca.md
[xkcd 1360]: https://xkcd.com/1360/

## Selling Bagtent

"Selling" in the sense of Selling to Help... which I think is in Lean Notes, and not this repo.

- [ ] BLIP: You should really merge Lean Notes into this repo, the arbitrariness of that line between the two as barfspace's scope has grown is starting to impede things, case in point.

You've got this whole crazy system for structuring content, and you're using it like crazy, but you still haven't explained the *why* of this system to anybody, the *what* or the *how*.

- [ ] Write up an explainer on bagtent (ie. finish README)
- [ ] Identify strengths and weakness (ie. When It Might Make Sense to Use Bagtent)
- [ ] See if anybody would be interested in being a producer for bagtent
- [ ] Think about a logo or artwork for bagtent.
  - [ ] Look through your Tabalanche stash to see if you can find that picture of a failed 3d print where some of the pieces were partway printed, it was cool, and a good mood-board inspirational aesthetic for all this.

## Developing Your Bagtent Tools

- [ ] Start moving on some of what's outlined in [bagtent plans][].
- [ ] See if you can't find some pre-existing Markdown linter that will prevent a page from, say, getting committed with dangling link references (I don't think I need to hijack the rig code for this, but I probably could).
  - [ ] You know a tool I could really use? One that can detect when I've got a runon sentence left dangling.
    - It'd be funny if the thing that gets me to fully fall down on the side of punctuation for style, as I mused about in at least one Meta Collection post, would be that ending sentences with punctuation
    - [ ] Think about a format to denote "I can't write it all out right now but here's a few words that'll definitely fit in
      - [ ] See if this might make sense in some kind of context in the Alphabi-like encoder described below.
      - [ ] A linter that just catches... places where I've left these caret-jump-markers without a jog-your-memory bit (so, like, a grep invocation) would probably be enough to ease, like, 90% of the anxiety I have over incomplete commits
      - [ ] some way of auto-adding "I don't think you got where you're going" markers, or some analytics on my behavior when writing, might give some insight / help here
      - [ ] If this becomes a common convention it'd definitely become a thing we have to mention in the barfspace style guide / welcome wagon or whatever thing explains what all the weird local colloquialisms and jargon and whatever is. it'd also have to be like a hip trendy listening post registry bulletin about the latest slang, too? eh this is kind of into the weeds
- [ ] this should probably be an issue, but since I haven't committed this code yet iirc: `bagtent-top-links`, despite all my attempts to make it case-insensitive, still appears to be showing me two separate entires for `Quests` and `quests`, should look into why that'd be

[bagtent plans]: ba00b8cb-9d05-4aef-bd50-0990f82dd723.md

## Bagtent Publisher

This is a specific tool aimed at making website building as easy as buing a pack of Post-It notes and a marker.

That last line is a great vision statement, especially attainable if you attach something like the IPFS quests after this one so that providing hosting doesn't have to be a single party's concern.

It overlaps a bit with the goals and philosophy of penciltape, and might make sense as a layer / paradigm around its use (like, the default layout has a "content" directory, and there's a button to create a new page by UUID, and penciltape can have use for all these other UI affordances, like maybe there's a way to make filenames second-class relative to the first line and subsequent content, like how GMail presents email subjects / bodies).

- [ ] Build something that will let people just start publishing markdown to a URL as a website, without having to give pages names or anything, and just relying on web UI affordances to the same ends as the Bagtent scripts (ie. search, maybe some kind of keystroke / menu option for "Spawn...")
  - [ ] Is there a layer we can drop on top of GitHub Pages?
    - [ ] I've been thinking there are a couple other projects I could accomplish with an overlay over a common codebase for this, like hubstrap
    - [ ] "Local buffers that autocommit under certain JS condition tests and then immediately push" would be a cool Wayside configuration that could effectively work like this
      - [ ] and if I write all the bagtent CLI in Node, which I probably won't do, I could run this in the browser
      - [ ] Well, a mix of JS and shell scripts might work
        - what's that JS-based Bash clone thing that one guy made who made Vorpal or whatever, I wanna say Cash?
  - [ ] Would this make sense for NeoCities?
- [ ] Hell, even just a Markdown editor with a bookmarks pad (I know I wrote this one somewhere) and a preview mode that can edit after following a link would be gangbusters
  - [ ] I mean, hell, even just an editor with a parser that lets me, say, ctrl+click a linked word in Markdown to parse and follow the link
  - it's a shame that the blocking element from just building this on the web platform would have to be the Git angle
  - working out even a basic interface to that with something like just a local thing to dispatch Git commands in a container... wouldn't work on chromebooks unless they support container platform, so that's out
  - [ ] do up a Lean Notes page about the state of doing Git stuff in JS
    - Complete the "Merging Lean Notes" quest for this goal to not make you feel really messy-outside-of-the-messy-zone.

## An IPFS Publishing Cloud

- [ ] Is there a Neocities-like app for pushing content straight to the cloud?
- [ ] This would make sense as a service for Clusterhood users. Progress on the Clusterhood arc to lay groundwork for a production implementation of this idea.
- [ ] Would there be a more sensible way to structure Barfspace for IPFS? Like maybe instead of UUIDs under content it's just a bunch of IPNS names?
  - [ ] Does IPNS scale like that? (Quest-meta-question: is it cool to just list questions as checkboxes? I feel like an answer needs more than a "check", but I guess that's the job of adding further list items that aren't checks?)
    - On that meta-question, I think peppering in non-quest-items as list items was supposed to be an integral part of how quest progression was supposed to be denoted, at one late-in-bed furious-braincrevice-digging thing or otherwise buried thought process that I'm starting to recover, how list items can be used to give periodic updates on progress
- [ ] Your questions on this arc are going to be kind of dumb if you don't resovle the quest about diving into learning more (and taking notes, which means figuring out a plan for Lean Notes)

## Barfspace Tools and CI

Remember back when Barfspace auto-committed, and how you've stopped running it in the migration to bagtent because you don't want the repository committing with unreachable posts? Let's fix that.

- [ ] Progress on the "Developing Your Bagtent Tools" quest to unlock solutions to tasks here.
- [x] Write the bagtent-orphans script.
  - You used the bagtent-orphans script to make sure you weren't forgetting any files you'd created before making a commit. Nice job!
- [ ] Write a new git-slum-like script that just describes changes in terms of total bytes across files.
- [ ] Add a feature to the shotclock script that lets it hold off on running the shotclock when a test command fails.
- [ ] Hell, just a Markdown editor with a preview pane that lets you open other files by link would be hugely helpful (GNOME: wrong list)

## The Structure and Style of These Quests

There's a whole question giving me [vertigo][metaquiddity] again about how [this quest wasn't documented earlier][main issue 6], because of course we need a quest aggregating thoughts and progress on the description of thoughts and progress on quests.

[main issue 6]: 55527f74-8390-402e-8bb6-51161b7a8e67.md

- [ ] Note how the voice of quests is kind of like the voice of Git commit messages, and maybe there's something to be made of that.

## Writing and Maintaining These Quests

This kind of overlaps with that last quest, but this is less focused on what needs *to be added to the spec* and more about how the existing content needs to be *wrangled*.

- [ ] Complete the quest about splitting all these arcs into their own pages to give a great context for doing this review of everything written so far.
- [ ] Get a handle on all these places where you've written "we" or "I" where "you" would honestly make more sense.
- [ ] Round up all these loose musings that are currently sprinkled across unrelated quests from this commit.
  - We gotta get auto-commit back up and running, man. (This'd be one of those instances where "you" wouldn't make sense to swap in.)

## Big Bagtent/Barfspace Brainstorm Ideas

Here's a quick stash quest for projects that are currently seed-big-enough to be on the Unusual Studio project list, but are plain enough that bagtent can effectively be used to implement them

they kind of have one big thing in common, and let's just say it should go in whatever mood bin index we make for Catch-All Kinds of Stuff

- [ ] [Global Issue Reports for Everything][tracker]
  - [ ] Why bagtent especially?
- [ ] Knowledge Base for Everything, where everybody can post a problem and a solution.
  - Hey, this Quest format might make sense as an interchange template for that! Look out, StackOverflow, here comes Writing Questions In The Form of RPG-Style Quests
- [ ] I like reflecting on how this kind of demonstrates how all you really need is a few common constraints and you don't need to layer another layer on it if the internet has publishing simple enough
  - Also, I mentioned the Catch-All Rap Session: one thing I wanted to float there is how catch-alls need a way to exist when the buffer runs out, if they have an outbound flow, which they should if your organic flow is good and scalable
  - Another thought in this vein, and I mentioned the cutting point between different pages/files in another sidebar musing, but juggling carets and their effect on cognitive load and creating incomplete traces is another great factorization slice for having multiple buffers / files (thouhg, yeah, man, I'd love a keystroke for "remember this text position and let me come back to it"... ah hell, this is a thing Vim has isn't it, I've become one of those people that's building a format so bad I need my editor to be more powerful to compensate
- [ ] I had an idea to do this "oral tradition" thing where I'd try to re-type the same story several times from memory to, basically, break my compulsive fear of repeating myself, and also to see, you know, what I can glean about how it affects me (Mindfulness thing).

[tracker]: 1305adb9-59a7-4179-a9fe-0ddedd802034.md
