# The Only Acceptable TV Commercial for Circus Rosa

(plinking ukelele music)

Hi, I'm Stuart P. Bentley. You may remember me from such incidents as the time I kicked a symbolic roll of butcher paper around Amazon's Seattle Campus, or the January 2019 meeting of the Seattle DSA. I'm here today to speak on the behalf of Chief J. Edigar Allen Poe, of the exciting new multimedia publication Circus Rosa.

What is Circus Rosa? Well, I'm glad you presumably asked. Circus Rosa is a unique new form of online - and *offline* - journalism, in which any citizen of the Earth can join. Later subscribers and participants will be lower on the triangle or "pyramid", always confused and distant, whereas if you act now, you will be closer to the central authority at the top. (we start zooming in on the triangle at the top, the banner underneath reads "This Clown") The Eye of the Pyramid. The Eye of the Storm. The Eye is God. God is watching. God sees all. What is going on? Who is This Clown? (relative tonal pattern ACCB) What is going on? (the camera zooms out, it is the one dollar bill) Do I taste pennies? (bill explodes into 100 pennies, I start shoveling them into my mouth) Am I having a stroke? (cut to a redux of the "Slow Jerk" sketch from WKUK) Is that what this is? Is that what this is? Is that what this is? (each time that repeats, there's a different clip)

Giving a slideshow presentation to a group of shadowy cloaked figures: STOP TALKER MAN -> ? -> ~~CARROT TOP MOVIE~~ FREE REAL ESTATE

wall socket in the background, stuffed with money: "CANDLE JACK" (maybe we pull out from this as a scene transition subtly a la Eternal Sunshine)

Flash of a picture of me in a gift shop at Disney World, giving the shocker over the emblem of Oswald the Lucky Rabbit with my left hand and a thumbs up with my right next to a pirate teddy bear filling the right half of the frame

Zoom in on a piece of paper on which the American Flag is printed along with the words "AMERICAN DREAM" - as the camera zooms in to frame "ERICAN DRE" I tear the paper to appear with a red (blood?) hammer and sickle on my forehead and eyes rolled back, screaming, there is no sound

flash of https://twitter.com/stuartpb/status/464139489225371648 with the text "STUART IS A MINION" in some sort of code (Marafont?)

maybe it also says "STUART IS A MERKIN" in Morse Code and "STUART IS QuEue ^S A3 THREE DOLLAR BILL$" in mixed 7 and 8 bit linear and block ASCII the 00110011 is in parentheses

close up on my face in Terry Gilliam style (specifically like Conrad Pooh's Dancing Teeth), smiling, wearing the fedora, my eyes roll up to turn to dollar signs, my tongue pops out, reads "YOU WILL GET", my eyes roll up to turn to big cartoony Xs, I am still smiling, my tongue pops out again, "WHAT YOU DESERVE"

Eventually a different voice can be heard repeating the word "Again." between the clips, and eventually there's a recurring theme of "The Cycle", like maybe there's a prominent deck of cards that says "Bicycle" and I put the Two of Clubs into my fedora

Holding a gold-plated apple on which the word "KALLISTI" is written romanized just like that, the Sacred Chao minus the apple on the wall behind me, I bite into the apple and then have a mouth full of blood

maybe the Chao can also have the zodiac for Cancer overlaid, with "nice" written next to it on the side as correct for a 69

news clip of me at a press conference saying "I DIDN'T DO IT" (on the chyron as well), I'm like shrugging, "I don't know, man, I'm a patsy, this was a setup", turns to camera, finger-guns, mouths the words "Abso Lutely" as the ticker feed says:

> NEWS FLASH: MONEY IS FAKE // STOCK MARKET FUCKING CRATERS // SEN. LAWRINSE FLYNN: "WE'LL START OUR OWN STOCK MARKET, WITH BLACKJACK AND HOOKERS" // JOURNEY: "THESE ARE ONLY SOLUTIONS" // SPB: "LOW ARTISTS BORROW, GREAT ARTISTS STEAL" // HAIL SAGAN

Me shirtless, in a collar, chains, and leather pants, on my knees, fists raised, a banner behind me (backdrop of The Devil card from Waite-Smith?) saying "WHILE THERE IS A SOUL IN PRISON I AM NOT FREE"

A chewing gum commercial, maybe the gum is made of solid gold, a set of coordinates appear on screen, they are the coordinates to Wrigley Field

At some point it might be amazing to do a split-screen like the Saul Bass Bell System video

full screen text: "THERE ARE NO STRAIGHT ANSWERS" overlayed as the camera zooms in toward me (Mabel's sweater?), nervous and shaking, the text turns rainbow and morphs: "ONLY GAY ONES", I reveal that my fists have been concealing fistfulls of confetti as I turn to a wide-mouthed expression of love and joy

Clip of one of the late-run issues of National Lampoon burning in a wastebasket in an alley

Me in full Pagliacci costume and makeup, maybe a balloon deflates, maybe I botch some gag with a pizza, either way I start laughing in earnest the way you do when fnord you really botch a gag so hard it's funnier, like when Bryan Cranston threw that pizza on the roof

flashing back and forth between the final clip and me wearing my X-Ray Specs like Mark Ronson at the end of the video for Uptown Funk, maybe sampling Ghetto Life instead, maybe audio of Leo the Lion

Backmasking: "By listening to the sound of my voice, you have successfully completed Lesson One in this five part series, the Audacity of Audacity" (possibly looping "of Audacity" as much as we want)

(static / Outer Limits wiggle-cut, jump back to "normal feed") Stuart chuckles, as if responding to a question like "is this a scam?" or how Scott Baio would answer "Is he a God?": "No. It's only a magazine. Oh, w- shit. It's a comedy site. Look, man, I'm like two seconds from ditching this whole deal, what did you say it was aga-" and then the video ends

Maybe when we come back my butt is enormous, as I break at the end two balloons emerge from the back of my pants and they fall down

Or maybe I pull them out, I feel like that's more reliable
