# My Life in Quests

Referring to Stuart P. Bentley (mostly) in the second person, as one would expect from a quest tracker (as opposed to much of the rest of the writing around here, which refers to Stuart P. Bentley in the first person, singular or plural).

I've grouped them into categories like "Arcs" and loose quest categories: I think that kind of matches how they look in my head right now. I'm thinking specifically of how Crashlands did quests - everything you see here is something you're currently able to pursue, and what comes next can be a surprise once you have it.

"Plans" that aren't broken down into constituent paths that are mostly-non-blocked (ie. conjectural plans) are distinguished by a `[?]`, indicating that they're expected to be added once the previous objective{is,s are} completed.

There's some relationship to obtainables to be had in the branch/leaf nodes, but I'm not sure what it is. Perhaps there's something philosophical to be gleaned about what is phrased in terms of obtainables and what is not.

## The Barfspace Arc

Filling this page out is, in itself, part of a larger arc of communicating and understanding your internal state.

### Welcome to Barfspace

Explain Barfspace to others.

- [ ] Revisit the meta index and see what you want to do with it.
  - [ ] Throw it away? It'll still live in the Git history.
  - [ ] Make a Mood Board out of it?
- [ ] Write intelligible pages about some subjects.
  - [ ] [Explain the name.][explainer page]
  - [ ] Maybe salvage some of the thoughts from the old meta stuff
- [ ] Describe how this is kind of like Gists, but not owned by GitHub, and with tools to interlink
  - [ ] Talk about how it's nice to have people have separate repositories for owning their own words, and to just leverage the existing hypertext Web infrastructure (or maybe IPFS / IPLD)
- [ ] It really should be underscored how atypical all this stuff I'm doing with Barfspace is for me.
  - Like, I'm generally *huge* about names
  - This is part of how One Of Those Things With Me
  - Also, this is kind of like how Wordnet does definitions?
    - Also, wow, is there another project that tk defintions so deeply
    - Does Wordnet have a crossreference property on Wikidata?
      - How does Wikidata manage reification disagreements?
        - Is reification an appropriate term for "defining what a word/symbol means"? That's how I've been using it. Shit, wait, isn't that Quiddity? Oh dear, it's the [Metaquiddity][] vortex again.

### The Latest Trends and Lingo

I think if I search that phrase, I'm going to find another place somewhere in these notes where I wrote that. The Welcome Wagon page, the one that's supposed to have the tour?

- [ ] Describe Editor (aka Gnome) Notes.
  - [ ] Why write them instead of actually doing the thing?
    - [x] Editor notes are like a chalk mark when you're doing an inspection in a room before the movers come in: it's for sketching out tasks on the page before doing anything big with it.
    - [x] Editor notes have to live on the page they're about.
  - [ ] What's their lineage? What's a Gnome?
    - [ ] Actually, what lineage does Barfspace owe to Wikipedia, anyway?
      - [ ] How does it take Wiki concepts to the extreme? How does it shatter them?
- [ ] Describe Blip Notes.
  - They're not-really-related inline one-offs that are written where they stand rather than figure out the appropriate place for them right now.
  - They're appropriate when the surrounding context helps illustrate what'd be involved in finding and/or building a proper home for them.
  - Sometimes, they should just be moved to Loose Notes, but don't stress it, man, it's Barfspace.
    - Weird tangent, that's what I thought "Forget it Jake, it's Chinatown" meant, even though I've seen that movie and [that is not what it's about][Chinatown].
      - Oh god though, when I had that "hey, what was the context for that line in Chinatown" thought and found this on Google,
      - I don't know if I've written about this in my Angst Zone yet, but this comes from me having seen Chinatown back in my "not really understanding movies" phase / days? I don't know, honestly, sometimes I watch an old movie, especially from the 70s, and I'm like, "okay, this is weird and hard to understand".
      - I should still rewatch all the movies I saw before about 2011. I still want to find out if Slacker is actually bad or if I was just incredibly fragile.
      - I should *really really* write a delta (see [Squashing the Deltas][], which I should maybe check and see if I need to explain more?)
      - I'm having this real brainwave here about how describing this TK: sidebyside SE vs me just casual
      - Oh man, "explaining what it feels like in my brain" hash tag here: what reading these notes feels like to other people is what reading what a lot of other people think is "intelligible" feels like to me
        - Actually, *should* I use hashtags? No, that's what the point of the pages is, to make it so you can use a link to a page explaining the tag as the hashtag, and you don't need to fuss about giving the idea a name, like right here I'm just calling it "this is what it's like to live in my brain" or, see, that's not even the same sentence, but without needing names it's a lot easier to describe
  - I think BLIP might actually work out really well, since there are lots of things where, like, this was the whole idea behind that "News" or whatever page that I'm not even linking to right now because I haven't used it, that sometimes I need to say what I *was* thinking of to explain why I'm thinking of this *other* thing, and without that context, like, I wouldn't care about it?
  - [ ] What's their lineage?
    - [x] Quick margin notes in notebook pages
- [ ] Describe TK notes.
  - There's a predating-the-caps-and-colon-convention editor note somewhere around here about incomplete sentences, and needing to have a way to say "I need to bounce, but here's a refresher of the rest of this sentence"
  - TK notes are that
  - You always want to write out as much as you can without /**/, because, as the old saying about code comments goes, "write your code comments clearly enough for another programmer to follow, because some day that programmer might be you".
  - So, like, you can potentially leapfrog massive amounts of [PPSS][] bottlenecking by writing an entire page in TK bottlenecking
  - I like the idea that, like, tk is always shorthand for improvements I can think but haven't typed
  - tk that one episode of seinfeld where jerry remembers a joke in the middle ofthe night
  - "tk" is basically a TODO comment that's potentially on every line
  - it tk expiring asset
  - so "tk" is, like, an explicit "I am being cryptic for brevity here", and it's not to confuse anybody
  - tk idle improvement
  - I feel like Henrietta Pussycat going "meow meow idle improvement", like I'm just hitting the important words
  - I think TK is going to catch fucking fire within barfspace, did I mention the vision of, like, once a line no longer has a tk on it that means it's Done&trade;, and like every line would have some TK
  - so I'd be trading off the speed of writing for the reliability of reinterpretation... shit, I've discovered a lossy realtime data compression convention for English
  - wait a second duh, this is just "shorthand", that's basically the real lineage of what tk's about, it's me throwing in a certain level of shorthand
  - and like, potentially the thing I write when I stop trying to make the fit but I give in and type "tk" can just make enough sense to not be rewritten, so a weird short tk just lives there like that
    - and everybody gets, "oh, hey, I'm not supposed to parse this like English, but yeah I get it"
  - BLIP: I need to tell Gravis about barfspace and especially this page and tk, I suspect they may dig it
  - The lineage of tk is I think on Wikipedia
  - Maybe I should use something with a bit more visual pop than "tk", something that has more visual distinction, like // ?
    - I feel like I tried this once and my connents started needing comments and I had to scrap the whole idea, but you know what, that's no reason not to try again with these symbols, even if I'm remembering this whole thing right
    - Oh, you know what? Maybe it's just that I need inline comments, too.
    - On that note, yeah I think C-style comments make the most symbolic sense for this repo
      - Though actually, I kind of like, what if it's percent signs? That makes it feel like Postscript, which is what these messes read like, like the pipe crashed and now there's Postscript commands in your markdown data

[PPSS]: d9275f1c-412c-40da-8bd0-ac4d80bd4513.md
[Chinatown]: https://movies.stackexchange.com/a/1549/12626
[Squashing the Deltas]: 7aa7bddd-8a06-4402-90b8-0e4026db67fa.md

### Dividing Up the Old World

Barfspace has essentially grown to encompass most of the previous failed projects I'd meant to do writing on.

- [ ] Close stuartpb.plan.
  - [ ] Remove plan.md itself.
  - [ ] Rewrite the README to point to barfspace
  - [?] Archive the repo.
- [ ] Finally go back and revisit that "my-old-bad-ideas" page on the README.
- [ ] Revisit the list from when things were first being merged into [Lean Notes][] (when bagtent was first being devised).
  - [ ] Figure out a litmus test for the difference between Meditations and Musings, or merge the former (in Lean Notes) into the latter (here).
  - [ ] Merge pitches-and-scripts into here, where it's less embarassing (since there's a sort of ambient embarassment about the place here).
- [ ] Work out what the plan is going to be for developing Lean Notes.
  - [ ] Honestly, at this point, shouldn't it be `lean-notes`? Even though it doesn't match the .com?
  - [ ] See the "wow, this is lazy" quest below for some thoughts on just straight merging that repo in.
    - [ ] I think the one thing of value that would be lost would be GOD DAMNIT THIS IS WHY I'M MAKING TK A THING
    - Oh, okay, now I remember, I was going to say "the GitHub Issues I was starting to use for drafting" ("tk issues" would have done that for me), tk can go in barfspace
- [ ] Take some territory from [petlogs][].
  - [ ] Papercuts were a plan in at least one machine: that's something that can move here.
  - [ ] a weird thing is that I only feel comfortable capitalizing machine names, which wouldn't count case-sensitive against the hostname, here in barfspace where there's no expectation of structure at all

[Lean Notes]: https://github.com/stuartpb/leannotes
[petlogs]: https://github.com/stuartpb/leannotes

### Dividing Up the New World

I guess this'll probably be the canonical Sisyphean labor for not just trying to give structure to barfspace, but to track the giving of that structure.

- [ ] Carry out some of the plans from the [Department of Development][dept]
- [ ] Split each arc into its own page, this page is starting to get too long and unruly. That'll also allow for more meta-structure around arcs (hooray, meta-structure!)
  - [ ] As we split out, diaspora OK? Quests becoming just a convention that's pervasive through all notes? That'd be cool to me
  - [ ] Write somewhere (in the neighborhood of [metaquiddity][] or [the meta collection][]) about how it's totally natural for more layers of indirection to organically emerge like this
    - [ ] Shout out to the tree down by the "Everything I Know" or whatever quest in the Mindfulness Arc, which is doing this same sort of layer-forming
      - [ ] Like, ultimately, this is part of my overall intent with the Meta Collection to capture my meditations on writing in this repo, and how they echo out in the world around me
      - [ ] Should loop in that one XKCD somewhere around here about an entire system just existing to maintain itself, because I know that's definitely a mania thing I take care to avoid
      - [ ] There's also the thing about how this is all kind of like a rough draft and how, with programming / creative projects, notes like this as a to-do list, if you return to them a ton, so long as you're only focusing on things you currently can do and sub-dividing what you can currently do, you can eventually get to a point where you've effectively accomplished your entire task in the form of specifying out its entire structure (or that a bunch of the chains will collapse into completion after a very small number of nontrivial tasks complete and all the effectively-Promise.all()-like-waits close with the parent checks getting checked off by their lists being completed)
      - [ ] Another meta idea I'm gonna drop right here right now: how, like, all this fanciness I'm doing for hashes is only really necessary for humans under the assumption that we need an adversarial model for authoritative / canonical names like IPNS, and how just searching for a thing and picking the most popular result, like, no kidding Google legitimately changed the world, and now just googling eight words from a John Mulaney act is enough to find you the full transcript within five seconds
- [ ] However Lean Notes eventually shakes out, do have at least another notes instance that wouldn't be published.
  - [ ] Figure out what'd be an appropriate way to distribute this.
    - [ ] Keep a master repository in an encrypted repo on a USB stick on your router-server?
      - [ ] Complete the "Flash Open-Source Router Firmware" quest (which I don't think I've written up yet) to unlock this path.
    - [ ] Keep it on your desktop, and just try to keep it booted into Linux forever?
      - [ ] Unlock the "Booting Stutendo Under Stushiba" tech to make this a more feasible idea.
  - [ ] See note about Blackbeard's treasure currently on Loose Notes.
- [ ] Linking to the Wikipedia page on Eventualism might be good here

[dept]: eb1e81f8-5939-4f85-9930-418044018a75.md
[metaquiddity]: 3ef0ffc5-818e-4c16-be90-0a8bd6eb8778.md
[the meta collection]: 8c5a1d30-97d9-4395-85be-b6c8ba57b239.md

### Owning Your Own Words

Should this really be called barfspace? That makes it a very "separate" project, and it's really transformed into something very tightly enmeshed with your identity; even Test Track 4 (which was your email address's domain name for a solid *decade*) became an uncomfortable side-brand, and that didn't even have "barf" in the name.

- [ ] Rename this repo to something else.
  - [ ] I've been thinking "notes.stuartpb.com", pretty much: keeps things from looking like I want anything here to be any sort of long-term publishing destination.
  - [ ] Figure out what to do with all these lingering references to "barfspace" around.
    - [ ] Turn them into links to an [explainer page][]?
    - I guess if this becomes notes.stuartpb.com, then you'd just call the general conceptual space of zero-filter self-oriented incidental-publishing (ie. using any platform in this fashion, not just bagtent, which can be used in other fashions) "Open Notes", like "the Open Notes movement"
      - BLIP: I should have pages for Movements the way I have pages for Projects, like, that's really what stuff I'm even currently listing like like Praisefiles is, at its core. I'm just realizing right now, oh hey, there's nothing wrong with describing movements you'd like to see happen, that is literally what Marxism was Karl Marx doing
        -
      - or maybe we'll call it XON, pronounced like "Exxon", for "*eXtreme* Open Notes" *(electric guitar, monster truck noises)*
    - [ ] Use barfspace as a greater term for the general, like, mass of worse-is-better content, that's only structured in that it's easily accessible from a desktop terminal (ie. it's hyperlinkable).
    - [ ] It's barf because it's half-digested, inconsistent and gross, but you needed to get it out, and you can move a lot better now that you did.
    - [ ] So, like, under this definition, a large, amorphous section of my notes could be said to live "in Barfspace", but, like, particularly-polished circuits that blur the lines into being sub-projects (like Lean Notes) would be less clearly "barfspace" (though bagtent could easily be thought of as a "Barfspace system"
    - [ ] Where'd I write that whole thing about Googlability? It's on this page somewhere, I don't want to ctrl+f for it because I'd lose my caret position (another +1 for separate files, and for a heuristic if multiple files would be appropriate for things in general). Anyway, I like the idea of the UUID of that explainer document just like straight-up being "here's the UUID of Stuart's page defining Barfspace, anyone else making a page for it is just riffing off of that, and Stuart might have merged stuff in back, but if someone feels their definition / scope / sense / usage has significantly drifted from stuartpb's, they can give it its own UUID, and maybe make a stub at the UUID of Stuart's version of the page that describes the divergence, because the idea is pages by vague concept that is really just defined by the content on the page and the position of that page relative by links to the pages of the rest of the tree") - the UUID is just an inherently unambiguous name to refer to a specific, at the broadest it'd be phenomena surrounding a given UUID, like what happened with 09f911
    - [ ] Merge this train of thought into wherever that one quest like this under the whole distributed-data-mass arc is going.
- [ ] Merge in Lean Notes, because at this point, if it's all just "my notes", there's no reason to hold the distinction across repos: graduation can just be a matter of a link "making it". It can just worke like, you know, Wikipedia: no "incubator phase" necessary.
- [ ] This would mean that the current README files of barfspace and Lean Notes would become new pages, and there'd be a *new* README
  - [ ] Progress more on the Meta track (like rereading my-old-bad-ideas and revisiting the Meta Collection) to feel like you've got a handle enough on this to write *another* level of "this page is in flux, here's what I can tell you about what it looks like" README (and see if you can then maybe subsequently do it less in the prior READMEs - remember to do a foreign tree merge).
  - another xkcd that captures what it's like to have truly unbridled organic development: [xkcd 1360][]
- [ ] It's worth exploring why I've become more ready to use a system like this instead of one of the things I've used in the past like Isues or Trello

[explainer page]: f5d72b81-ccb9-45d0-8029-be70895f65ca.md
[xkcd 1360]: https://xkcd.com/1360/

### Selling Bagtent

"Selling" in the sense of Selling to Help... which I think is in Lean Notes, and not this repo.

- [ ] BLIP: You should really merge Lean Notes into this repo, the arbitrariness of that line between the two as barfspace's scope has grown is starting to impede things, case in point.

You've got this whole crazy system for structuring content, and you're using it like crazy, but you still haven't explained the *why* of this system to anybody, the *what* or the *how*.

- [ ] Write up an explainer on bagtent (ie. finish README)
- [ ] Identify strengths and weakness (ie. When It Might Make Sense to Use Bagtent)
- [ ] See if anybody would be interested in being a producer for bagtent
- [ ] Think about a logo or artwork for bagtent.
  - [ ] Look through your Tabalanche stash to see if you can find that picture of a failed 3d print where some of the pieces were partway printed, it was cool, and a good mood-board inspirational aesthetic for all this.

### Developing Your Bagtent Tools

- [ ] Start moving on some of what's outlined in [bagtent plans][].
- [ ] See if you can't find some pre-existing Markdown linter that will prevent a page from, say, getting committed with dangling link references (I don't think I need to hijack the rig code for this, but I probably could).
  - [ ] You know a tool I could really use? One that can detect when I've got a runon sentence left dangling.
    - It'd be funny if the thing that gets me to fully fall down on the side of punctuation for style, as I mused about in at least one Meta Collection post, would be that ending sentences with punctuation
    - [ ] Think about a format to denote "I can't write it all out right now but here's a few words that'll definitely fit in
      - [ ] See if this might make sense in some kind of context in the Alphabi-like encoder described below.
      - [ ] A linter that just catches... places where I've left these caret-jump-markers without a jog-your-memory bit (so, like, a grep invocation) would probably be enough to ease, like, 90% of the anxiety I have over incomplete commits
      - [ ] some way of auto-adding "I don't think you got where you're going" markers, or some analytics on my behavior when writing, might give some insight / help here
      - [ ] If this becomes a common convention it'd definitely become a thing we have to mention in the barfspace style guide / welcome wagon or whatever thing explains what all the weird local colloquialisms and jargon and whatever is. it'd also have to be like a hip trendy listening post registry bulletin about the latest slang, too? eh this is kind of into the weeds
- [ ] this should probably be an issue, but since I haven't committed this code yet iirc: `bagtent-top-links`, despite all my attempts to make it case-insensitive, still appears to be showing me two separate entires for `Quests` and `quests`, should look into why that'd be

[bagtent plans]: ba00b8cb-9d05-4aef-bd50-0990f82dd723.md

### Bagtent Publisher

This is a specific tool aimed at making website building as easy as buing a pack of Post-It notes and a marker.

That last line is a great vision statement, especially attainable if you attach something like the IPFS quests after this one so that providing hosting doesn't have to be a single party's concern.

It overlaps a bit with the goals and philosophy of penciltape, and might make sense as a layer / paradigm around its use (like, the default layout has a "content" directory, and there's a button to create a new page by UUID, and penciltape can have use for all these other UI affordances, like maybe there's a way to make filenames second-class relative to the first line and subsequent content, like how GMail presents email subjects / bodies).

- [ ] Build something that will let people just start publishing markdown to a URL as a website, without having to give pages names or anything, and just relying on web UI affordances to the same ends as the Bagtent scripts (ie. search, maybe some kind of keystroke / menu option for "Spawn...")
  - [ ] Is there a layer we can drop on top of GitHub Pages?
    - [ ] I've been thinking there are a couple other projects I could accomplish with an overlay over a common codebase for this, like hubstrap
    - [ ] "Local buffers that autocommit under certain JS condition tests and then immediately push" would be a cool Wayside configuration that could effectively work like this
      - [ ] and if I write all the bagtent CLI in Node, which I probably won't do, I could run this in the browser
      - [ ] Well, a mix of JS and shell scripts might work
        - what's that JS-based Bash clone thing that one guy made who made Vorpal or whatever, I wanna say Cash?
  - [ ] Would this make sense for NeoCities?
- [ ] Hell, even just a Markdown editor with a bookmarks pad (I know I wrote this one somewhere) and a preview mode that can edit after following a link would be gangbusters
  - [ ] I mean, hell, even just an editor with a parser that lets me, say, ctrl+click a linked word in Markdown to parse and follow the link
  - it's a shame that the blocking element from just building this on the web platform would have to be the Git angle
  - working out even a basic interface to that with something like just a local thing to dispatch Git commands in a container... wouldn't work on chromebooks unless they support container platform, so that's out
  - [ ] do up a Lean Notes page about the state of doing Git stuff in JS
    - Complete the "Merging Lean Notes" quest for this goal to not make you feel really messy-outside-of-the-messy-zone.

### An IPFS Publishing Cloud

- [ ] Is there a Neocities-like app for pushing content straight to the cloud?
- [ ] This would make sense as a service for Clusterhood users. Progress on the Clusterhood arc to lay groundwork for a production implementation of this idea.
- [ ] Would there be a more sensible way to structure Barfspace for IPFS? Like maybe instead of UUIDs under content it's just a bunch of IPNS names?
  - [ ] Does IPNS scale like that? (Quest-meta-question: is it cool to just list questions as checkboxes? I feel like an answer needs more than a "check", but I guess that's the job of adding further list items that aren't checks?)
    - On that meta-question, I think peppering in non-quest-items as list items was supposed to be an integral part of how quest progression was supposed to be denoted, at one late-in-bed furious-braincrevice-digging thing or otherwise buried thought process that I'm starting to recover, how list items can be used to give periodic updates on progress
- [ ] Your questions on this arc are going to be kind of dumb if you don't resovle the quest about diving into learning more (and taking notes, which means figuring out a plan for Lean Notes)

### Barfspace Tools and CI

Remember back when Barfspace auto-committed, and how you've stopped running it in the migration to bagtent because you don't want the repository committing with unreachable posts? Let's fix that.

- [ ] Progress on the "Developing Your Bagtent Tools" quest to unlock solutions to tasks here.
- [x] Write the bagtent-orphans script.
  - You used the bagtent-orphans script to make sure you weren't forgetting any files you'd created before making a commit. Nice job!
- [ ] Write a new git-slum-like script that just describes changes in terms of total bytes across files.
- [ ] Add a feature to the shotclock script that lets it hold off on running the shotclock when a test command fails.
- [ ] Hell, just a Markdown editor with a preview pane that lets you open other files by link would be hugely helpful (GNOME: wrong list)

### The Structure and Style of These Quests

There's a whole question giving me [vertigo][metaquiddity] again about how [this quest wasn't documented earlier][main issue 6], because of course we need a quest aggregating thoughts and progress on the description of thoughts and progress on quests.

[main issue 6]: 55527f74-8390-402e-8bb6-51161b7a8e67.md

- [ ] Note how the voice of quests is kind of like the voice of Git commit messages, and maybe there's something to be made of that.

### Writing and Maintaining These Quests

This kind of overlaps with that last quest, but this is less focused on what needs *to be added to the spec* and more about how the existing content needs to be *wrangled*.

- [ ] Complete the quest about splitting all these arcs into their own pages to give a great context for doing this review of everything written so far.
- [ ] Get a handle on all these places where you've written "we" or "I" where "you" would honestly make more sense.
- [ ] Round up all these loose musings that are currently sprinkled across unrelated quests from this commit.
  - We gotta get auto-commit back up and running, man. (This'd be one of those instances where "you" wouldn't make sense to swap in.)

### Big Bagtent/Barfspace Brainstorm Ideas

Here's a quick stash quest for projects that are currently seed-big-enough to be on the Unusual Studio project list, but are plain enough that bagtent can effectively be used to implement them

they kind of have one big thing in common, and let's just say it should go in whatever mood bin index we make for Catch-All Kinds of Stuff

- [ ] [Global Issue Reports for Everything][tracker]
  - [ ] Why bagtent especially?
- [ ] Knowledge Base for Everything, where everybody can post a problem and a solution.
  - Hey, this Quest format might make sense as an interchange template for that! Look out, StackOverflow, here comes Writing Questions In The Form of RPG-Style Quests
- [ ] I like reflecting on how this kind of demonstrates how all you really need is a few common constraints and you don't need to layer another layer on it if the internet has publishing simple enough
  - Also, I mentioned the Catch-All Rap Session: one thing I wanted to float there is how catch-alls need a way to exist when the buffer runs out, if they have an outbound flow, which they should if your organic flow is good and scalable
  - Another thought in this vein, and I mentioned the cutting point between different pages/files in another sidebar musing, but juggling carets and their effect on cognitive load and creating incomplete traces is another great factorization slice for having multiple buffers / files (thouhg, yeah, man, I'd love a keystroke for "remember this text position and let me come back to it"... ah hell, this is a thing Vim has isn't it, I've become one of those people that's building a format so bad I need my editor to be more powerful to compensate
- [ ] I had an idea to do this "oral tradition" thing where I'd try to re-type the same story several times from memory to, basically, break my compulsive fear of repeating myself, and also to see, you know, what I can glean about how it affects me (Mindfulness thing).

[tracker]: 1305adb9-59a7-4179-a9fe-0ddedd802034.md

## Mindfulness Arc

It's a lot easier to progress in just about any quest with a clear and healthy mind.

Many of these quests are about altering your environment to facilitate forming healthy habits.

### Everything I Know

The clearest way to make sure you've really internalized lessons in how to meditate effectively and how to do other things like that is to write down some notes on how to do it and share thme in here, like the rest of the notes.

- [ ] Start a page for notes about what you've found or heard in the realm of mindfulness.
  - [ ] Maybe sprout / add this page from Musings / Meditations?
- [ ] Weird meta beat: should there be another axis for "plans for the general direction of how this is a thing I'd like to write about" for pages?
  - [ ] Like, should this quest (specifically "write about mindfulness") be up in the Meta arc (because the quest is to write in Barfspace)?
    - [ ] Would that make more sense if these arcs were split into separate pages?

### Sharpening One's Self

Here's just a general quest about things I should look into fixing.

If I've got some ideas for how I could tackle them, they can split off to their own quests.

- [ ] My back hurts, and I think the itchiness I'm feeling might just be nerve sensations from bad spinal jazz.
- [ ] I really need to get my sleep shit on lock.

### Stickers, Post-Its, Posters, and Reminders

This is just a big list of little prompts that I think could help put me on track. Look at me, I'm a middle school classroom.

I'm not a big fan of doing these on a schedule, but having them in an Oblique Strategies like fortune file or something like that might not be a bad idea.

- [ ] Write some things on post-its and put 'em on your monitor:
  - [ ] "Slow Down, Be Kind"
  - [ ] "Feeling stuck? Breathe"

### The Breathe Timer

This would be a nice non-intrusive but omnipresent way of reminding me when I should take a break from everything and let my brain have a cool-down.

- [ ] See if you can develop an egg-timer-like little racehorse on a track or whatever that just silently drifts to the right over the course of like half an hour, and when it gets to the end it gradually lights a lightbulb.

### Minding Your Supplements

- [ ] Build some kind of daily (week by week?) pill prompt for vitamins and supplements.

## 3D Printing Upgrade Arc

*(GNOME NOTE: when migrating this section please reuse b2694758-f919-4d46-a29b-7bbf189eab38.md as the destination)*

Most of the quests in this arc are independent.

### One Less Resistor in the Circuit

You've been paying Amazon retailers for filament of unknown provenance for too long. Pretty soon, you'll have paid the entire cost of what one of these machines would have cost to buy (if you haven't already): for that, you probably could have extruded it yourself for a third of the cost. (It'd probably be for the best to not try doing the math on that until you can safely put those days behind you.)

Completing this quest will unlock Fully Reliably Reproducable Print Recipes, where the entire construction of a print, from chemical form to extrusion, is fully documented, and can be altered independently.

It will also unlock full material and color control, including reuse of recycled material as a component.

It will also unlock significantly cheaper filament on demand.

- [ ] Get a Filastruder Kit.

### Multi-Material Upgrade

Remember when you bought that whole goofy Replicator 2X clone because you wanted to be able to print multiple materials? And then it turned out that dual extrusion is a massive headache to work with? And then you bought this MK3 because this seemed a lot more like how you were thinking you'd expect multi-material to work, and you were getting all these different kinds of material that you'd like to swap more readily between anyway, and yeah your printer's really incomplete without this.

- [ ] Get the Multi-Material Upgrade Kit
  - [ ] Place an order from the Prusa store (maybe wait and see if there's a deal on Black Friday?)
  - [?] Wait until your order ships, some time next year.

### Sharpiecore

There's a recipe for [using Sharpies to color filament](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:312327) on Thingiverse, but you can think of some enhancements that would make this better...

Completing this quest will unlock Sharpie Print Colors.

- [ ] Thread some PLA through a cored Sharpie.

### Retooling

There are some cool tutorials about how you can rework your Prusa as a plotter or laser cutter. Maybe you could do something like that...

Completing this quest will potentially unlock 2D Plotting, 2D Cutting, and Laser Etching.

- [ ] Redesign the Prusa's X carriage to more easily detach from the extruder assembly.
- [ ] Redesign the Prusa fan bracket to clip into the extruder assembly without screws.

### The Little Dimmer

Your printer's backlight was too dim, so you fixed it by introducing a trimpot to the LED circuit - but isn't there a better way?

- [x] Order a new RepRap Discount board and a bag of sockets.
- [x] Fix the RRD board to work with your Prusa by flipping the pin housings.
- [x] Test that fix by running a print or two with the board.
- [x] Cut the trace to the backlight.
- [x] Epoxy a socket to bridge the connection through a custom circuit.
- [x] Solder the socket.
- [x] Place a trimpot in the socket.
- [x] Print new parts for your modified board in translucent PETG.
- [ ] Make a refined version of the dimmer circuit that's more sophisticated than a trimpot just sitting awkwardly in a socket on the board.
  - [ ] Complete the "A Little Jig" and/or "Better Than a Breadboard" quests to unlock the techniques necessary to run the circuit off a small ESP8266 (so it can be IOT-controlled).
  - [ ] Progress on the "Conductivity" quest to open up a 3D Printed Linear Trimpot as a potential design option.
  - [ ] Remember that you can do both: an ESP that reads the trimpot for the PWM value it spits to the LED, unless a REST command overrides it, in which case the solution is to jank the slider to "wake" manual control back

### A New Stack

Pshh. This 3D print software isn't so impressive. You could do all that, easy.

Completing this quest will potentially unlock all sorts of inventive new 3D print features, specifically around having print jobs execute from SD directly from your slicer (which could be web-based).

- [ ] Look at the Slic3r codebase to see how hard it'd be to port to JS.
- [ ] Complete the "Refactoring Plushu" quest to have a decent basis for an OctoPrint replacement.

## Maker Quests

Most of these quests are independent, though some may depend on 3D Printing Upgrade Arc quests to progress.

### Better Than a Breadboard

You know, as cool as it is to be able to wear it like a morale patch and have the screen displaying stuff with the chip bare next to it, it'd be nice if you could use this breadboard for other stuff.

- [ ] Design a copper-tape-based socket-mount assembly to connect an ESP8266 to your ILI9225.

### A Little Jig

Well, drat. It turns out you can't just loop the copper tape around the pins.

- [x] Design an initial prototype for a copper-tape-based jig for flashing surface-mount chips.
- [ ] Figure out a way to make this jig capable of holding pins in contact.
  - [ ] Wait, couldn't you just put the tape by the outside, then wrap it a second time, so it's bound to the outside of the first layer?

### I Love Lamp

You know that bulb in a socket you've just had sitting in top of your shelves? Might want to do something with that. What you've got right now is probably a fire hazard.

- [ ] Print a test parallelogram prism to see if you've measured the dimensions of your shelving slots correctly.

### Conductivity

- [ ] Measure the conductivity of this conductive ABS filament.

### The IoT-to-Magic-Touch Interface Bridge Layer

- [ ] Invent an IC that will emulate a touch on a touch lamp.
  - (insert note links here)

### The MagicBand Infinity Gauntlet

Okay, so, yeah, [someone else already did this](https://www.thingiverse.com/make:545330), but you've got that yellow MagicBand Icon just sitting there, and it *is* the perfect size, shape, and color for the Mind Stone, and it looks like their thing wasn't worked into the print (and either way, they didn't publish their sources)...

- [ ] Make a version of the Infinity Gauntlet with a space for a MagicBand icon.

### The Calling Card

- [ ] Model your hat.
- [ ] Try out that "Oscard" action figure on a card.

### The Jackson Vive

You'd like to have a better system for keeping your Vive attached to your head, but you don't want to shell out the $100 for a Deluxe Audio Strap. Something $20 is more your speed, and you've already bought all the parts for it.

- [x] Design a new model for the headgear in OpenSCAD.
- [x] Add supports under the tabs and print a unified piece for the bracket in PETG.
- [x] Commit and push the latest design for headphone arms.
- [ ] Continue refining the headphone arm design for PETG.

### A Good Roll of Tape When You Need It

Not only this roll of double-stick tape on your desk, but copper tape, too!

- [x] Design a tape holder in OpenSCAD.
- [x] Print a first prototype of the design.
- [ ] Add a spacer to the inside for keeping the roll of tape away from the sides, so it can turn freely.
- [ ] Develop a cutting-edge system for cutting the tape.

### The Very First Thing

Oh, right! You've been so occupied by all this other print stuff that you forgot [the very first thing you wanted to 3D print][toothless-gsc]. Your original design was okay, but you can almost certainly do better today...

[toothless-gsc]: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:13307

- [ ] Sketch out the design for a grid holder (maybe in Model Magic).

### A Spring Thing

You've got some ideas for parts that'd require springs. Maybe there's a way we can make them?

- [x] Print a spring spooler from https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:92266 in PETG.
- [ ] Print a version of the spooler with a hole for a servo motor axis.
- [ ] Get a servo motor working by button control (possibly with potentiometer for speed) using an ESP8266 or ESP32.

### Project Araminta

Welp, it turns out the sources for the original stamp you were going for were online right about when you got started. Bummer.

- [ ] Design a stamp pad.
  - [ ] Design a cutting jig for inking stamps.
  - [ ] Order a stamping sponge.
  - [ ] Order a stamping ink.
- [ ] Design a self-inking stamp with guide.
  - [ ] Complete the "A Spring Thing" quest to unlock filament springs.
- [ ] Design a "clip" for raising twenties to be inked, one after another, in rapid succession.
- [ ] See if anybody's competently modeled dollar bills in SVG under Creative Commons yet.

### Finding the Plot

You've got these cheap stepper motors: what better inaugural project to start these out with than trying to build a plotter on the ESP8266?

Completing this quest unlocks Big 2D Printing.

Completing this quest will open the door to unlocking Stencil and Vinyl Cutting, as well as potentially Laser Cutting.

- [ ] Look at existing 3D Plotter designs.

### Who Go Weaving?

You've got some ideas that could use fabric, but you're not one for sewing. Even something that can just make competent straps would be useful, but something that could print a rounded sheet would be incredible.

- [ ] Read more about 3D Weaving, specifically what's open-source and available.

### A Light in Your Belly

Your Steven Universe costume could be more... inventive.

- [ ] Complete the "A Little Jig" quest to make the ESP-12S programmable without soldering pins.
- [ ] Design a gem that hold two LR44s, an ESP-12S, and an LED.

### Heart of Gold

You've got your silver one, but wouldn't you rather have one in gold? And one that doesn't slide open in your pocket?

- [ ] See if you can't design a version that clicks into place.
  - [x] Open Emmet's original SCAD file.
  - [x] Experiment with translating, rotating, and hiding the components until you understand the hinge enough.
  - [ ] Add a couple spokes at the Y extremes of the inner knob on LowerLeft.
  - [ ] Add a couple notches in the corresponding Y extremes in LowerRight.
  - [?] Print the new model.

### Crank the Pump

It's a pain in the ass to take your hydration pouch out of your vest just to toss a glass of water in, not to mention looking conspicuous as hell. What'd be nice would be if you had some sort of mechanism, one you could swap out for the mouthpiece, to siphon water directly from a source and put it into your pouch (or vice versa)...

- [ ] Print https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:3063529 and see if you can figure out the assembly there.
- [ ] Model a hand-cranked 360-degree peristaltic pump in OpenSCAD.

### Hold the Caliper

**Complete!**

- [x] Print a holder for your caliper.
- [x] Stick the holder on some furniture and keep your caliper in it.

### Monorail!

- [ ] Look into potential monorail / trolley systems that could be printed.

### OGEL

- [ ] Review the structure of [LEGO.scad][] to see what can be reused for more complex components.

[LEGO.scad]: https://github.com/cfinke/LEGO.scad

### Let's Give You a Big Hand

- [ ] Search for big articulated hands on Thingiverse.

## NodeMCU Quests

### postdark

- [ ] Build a Flying Toasters screensaver.

### The slideshow module or whatever

- [ ] 3D print a solid enclosure for both the chip and the screen.
  - [ ] This will likely involve more development in the copper tape (or wire?) circuit design quests listed above
- [ ] Start designing posters
  - [ ] Make a page to aggregate thoughts and work on individual posters and stuff (importing the current list from a note in Google Keep.

## Repair Quests

We can rebuild them. We can make them better than they were.

### The Broken Headphones

These are still a perfectly good pair of Bluetooth headphones, it's just that the one hinge is broken. You know, that headband was never all that comfortable in the first place...

- [ ] See if you can get the headband disassembled for replacement.

## Papercut Quests

Sometimes, it's the little flaws it feels best to solve.

### Slic3r PE and the Invisible Widgets

- [ ] Get to the bottom of https://github.com/prusa3d/Slic3r/issues/1323

## Will It Hack Arc

### I Don't Work Here

- [ ] Add a note to https://willithack.com/izon that you can't and won't provide support over email, and that questions must be directed to the issues page.

## Development Toolchain Arc

### A Nice Hex Editor

You know what would be nice? If most hex editors let you just easily define a format to visualize the bytes you're seeing in.

- [ ] Spec a JSON schema for Bytewise Abstract Sequence Trees (BAST).
  - [ ] Maybe look at Wireshark's structure for Dissectors.
  - [ ] Look at how minified JS / WASM do source maps for at least a few common parameter names/types.
- [ ] See what widgets there are out there for hex selection.
- [ ] Model the UI.
  - [ ] There should be N user-configurable panes, which can nest in tree structures if relevant, that are meant to display a cursor on the same data. Maybe there can be another interface for cursors.
  - [ ] for instance, "Bitmap View" (or "Indexed Bitmap View"), including by partial bytes (including single bits, if desired) would show all the bytes (given a certain alignment)
  - [ ] All UIs need to be ready to display and highlight any subsequence,
    - [ ] Specified in spans into the bits (but only by specifying eighths of a byte)
    - [ ] Must be able to illustrate selected / hovered spans
    - [ ] Cursor position (in terms of its own UI to sequences/positions, and in terms of visualizing a moving cursor position)
    - [ ] Things that lie on clean boundaries should be distinguished from the opposite
  - [ ] Views may be given invalid data: they need to figure out a way to visualize that as close to intelligibly as possible

### Kicking Off with Wayside

- [ ] Do a quick look-over of how `c9` does its stuff to see what lower-on-the-stack stuff can be shared.

### Refactor Plushu

[Plushu][]'s still a great system, but it's also still burdened by weird unnecessary assumptions about its environment that kind of melted on from being a lift from so much of Dokku.

- [ ] Split the Plushu core into multiple component parts.
- [ ] Move all the existing Plughu plugins to their own project.

[Plushu]: 10cfcf6f-df6f-4f83-9f17-6a43a43c15e6.md

## Quadration Arc

### The First Timetrain

- [ ] Get the C quadrator up and running on Abe.
- [?] Measure Abe's quadration rate.

### The Case for Abe

- [ ] Build an OpenSCAD encosure for Abe.

## The Great Big Distributed Internet Data Mass Arc

I like that idea/term to describe "basically all reachable fixed data", like "Plain Old Telephone Service".

Data is incredibly fungible, it's incredible that people don't realize how arbitrarily emergent data can be.

Also, decentralization and content indexing have the potential to be truly disruptive, you know, like that new internet idea that was the basis for the most recent season of Silicon Valley

See also [Data Smuggling][] (which kicked off some of the ideas that popped up in this arc), which I think this page is the only parent for right now?

### Wow, this is lazy

Figure out if Data Smuggling can get attached to an index page or something else in the "tree".

- [ ] At least move this quest up to the top with the other meta quests, c'mon.
- [ ] Should that page be like the umbrella workspace / project page / index / notes / whatever for this arc?
- [ ] It'd be nice to have some kind of linkdump for the various directions I go in discovering resources for this
 - [ ] This kind of linkdump also sounds like something that'd be movable to Lean Notes, except that I guess I feel the subject matter is a bit too esoteric.
 - [ ] Maybe this is a weird way to frame this, but: have I considered absorbing Lean Notes into this repository, and that way I just have one big mass of notes instead of an arbitrary divide between both? I like that
  - To be clear, I'm bringing this up right here because it's a blocker in the sense that creating linkdumps aggregating my notes on discovering things in various domains is not only pretty clearly Lean Notes' turn right now, but I'm pretty sure I've even already made a few Lean Notes (Also, hey, first time I've put a non-checkbox for a bulleted item on one of these lists, for when I'm just straight-up making notes inline with my todo, and there's no way it could possibly be acted upon! *hobgoblin of consistency slain*
    - [ ] Rejoin this thread back up somewhere around the "Quest About Describing These Quests" spec / style guide quest.
  - [ ] Complete the quest about steeling your nerve and changing the repo name to "notes.stuartpb.com"
  - [ ] This would also justify allowing multiple-first-ancestor merges into the tree, since this is a major content merger, and it would make merging in other smaller foreign trees like Pitches and Scripts less of a big deal.

### Alphabi Tooling

Honestly, this quest is looking less and less interesting in light of the Alphabelectric Experiment questline below.

- [ ] Build tooling kind of like the next quest, but for the much-harder-for-humans-to-write Alphabi encoding.

### The Alphabelectric Experiment

So, basically, I'm developing a way that robots will be able to talk to each other in English, but actually be communicating extremely complex underlying data. I mean, that's not the *first* way I'd use it, but it is the most conceptually terrifying, and it's always important to Go There first.

- [ ] Come up with new names for the family of concepts involved in this design.
  - [x] "charge"
  - [x] "energy"
  - [ ] ...yadda yadda yadda...
  - [ ] The family/class/genre of mapping-permutations-to-bytes-as-a-mnemonic-device projects
- [ ] Gather more experimentation / research data.
  - [ ] Plot the distribution of charge and energy values for all the words in Ubuntu's wordlist (my experiments' current wordlist basis, being developed in a C9 workspace).
- [ ] Write the basic implementation functions to be able to round-trip data for this.
- [ ] Write an example sentence / poem encoding 09f9 or another famous big number.
- [ ] Work on authorship tools.
  - [ ] Make a simple authorship tool that visualizes all the words in a sentence, and how to order them
  - [ ] Progress on Word Lists, Nets, and Ngrams to unlock a branch of development here, especially around auto-generating / pre-populating sentences.
    -  WordNet and/or a smarter/dumber solution (neural network, Markov chain) could possibly get real mind-blowing here, picking the most permutation-aligned word with nearby semantics to an existing word / the surrounding words, for autogen

## Desktop Quests

### Notes on a Phone

This isn't technically "Desktop", but I don't have a Looking For Group index/appendix for Quests yet (EDITOR: create LFG when migrating page?)

### Label Me

You've got your label printer running in Linux, but it's... awkward. You're still not sure how to reliably print on the entire width of a label.

- [ ] Try to work out why this printer's behavior is so weird.
  - [x] Dive into the driver scripts installed to /opt/brother by the AUR package.
  - [ ] Assess the CUPS / PPD UI to figure out how custom roll length can be implemented.
  - [ ] You're wasting a lot of your nice removable label paper. Swap the removable label paper for some plain white paper.
  - [ ] There seems to be a bug where paper size isn't getting set in some circumstances.
    - [ ] Build a repro procedure for triggering / working around the bug.
  - [ ] Figure out exactly where the paper size gets set in the process.
    - [x] Look at intermediate output files in /tmp.
    - [ ] It *looks like* the key player in this process is `rastertobrpt1`. Dive deeper.
      - [ ] Does nothing use `psconvertpt1`? Is it just a vestigial file from an earlier incarnation?
      - [ ] Determine if it produces similar output to `rastertobrpt1` and/or `filter_ql700`.
      - [ ] Look at the calling convention for `rastertobrpt1`.
        - [ ] Figure out what's provided on the command line. Is that how it gets the location of `paperinf`? (The only string references for "paperinf" are error messages, so it does use it, but it never names it internally.)
      - [ ] See what circumstances cause the driver to use something else.
      - [ ] See if you can figure out the "brpt1" output format.
      - [ ] Assess whether or not you can write your own replacement.
        - [ ] Find if there's documentation for this format.
        - [ ] Determine if it's as straightforward as, say, G-Code.
      - [ ] Understand the circumstances where paper size isn't set in the printer commands better.
- [ ] Write your own printing program that works just like you wanted it to in the first place.
  - [ ] Bring up the documentation for the printer's USB protocol.
- [ ] Buy a new, simpler printer.

### Fixing Avahi

Oh hey, wasn't there something about enabling the `mdns` resolver causing these massive hitches you've been seeing in Chrome? And why haven't you been able to resolve any .local addresses, anyway?

- [ ] Revisit the Arch Wiki page

### Getting to Know Nix

You know, there are ways to have Nix eat an existing Linux installation. stushiba has a lot of cruft built up in its run environment, and between this and stuzzy (and potentially sturling), it's starting to be a bit like a monoculture. Maybe it's time to make the switch to a system with fully declarative configuration state?

- [ ] Look into what'd be involved in replacing the Arch installation on stushiba with Nix.

### Fancy LAN

You know what'd be nice? If there was some kind of DNS resolver running on the network for NetBIOS and mDNS names on the local network (and potentially letting these systems be addressed via an external domain name) so that you don't have to keep accessing OctoPrint via an IP address.

- [ ] Look into reflashing this router for OpenWRT.

## Comfortable Browser / Windowing Experience Arc

### Tabalanche Revamp

- [ ] Rework the visuals for Tabalanche.
- [ ] Make it possible to collapse tab groups into one "row of tabs", like they are at the top of the window.
- [ ] Make it possible to drag tabs.
- [ ] Make undo history visible.
  - [ ] See if the PouchDB Changelog can be used for a client to see its own previous changes.
- [ ] Add persistent / per-invocation drag-and-drop tag lists.
  - [ ] Have the lists be resizable on the fly.
  - [ ] Have Select Tag, Persistent / Quick Access Suggestions (Pinned), This Invocation Tags, and Persistent Tags in that order (probably top-to-bottom)
    - [ ] Select Tag is "Recent / Popular Tags" by default (maybe it's a mix by default, with the option to use only one or the other as... a slider?)
    - [ ] Filter textarea at top, like the Omnibar
      - [ ] Use this as a basis for Omnibar integration? This might become a separate quest
    - [ ] Arrow keys up/down move out of the filter area (maybe only from end of text, for users without Home/End) and into the suggestions
- [ ] Add search filter for tabs and tab groups.
  - [ ] Filter has the same kind of tag suggestion interface as stashing tabs, collapsible.
    - [ ] Checkbox turns on or off whether all tags matching the filter are included; it's on by default (but disableable in two clicks).
    - [ ] Tags can also be blacklisted.
    - [ ] Any tags moved to the "This Invocation" are cleared when the textarea clears (by Clear button or not)

## Reshaping Security Arc

### NilPass Modular Interface

- [ ] Work on https://github.com/nilpass/nilpass/issues/7
- [ ] Work on https://github.com/nilpass/nilpass/issues/8

### NilPass Storage

- [ ] Work on https://github.com/nilpass/nilpass/issues/6
- [ ] Work on https://github.com/nilpass/nilpass/issues/9

## Network Neighborhood Arc

### praisefiles

- [ ] Review the state of praisefiles as a workspace for a refresher.

### Request for Producers

- [ ] Make a first paragraph or two writeup.
- [ ] Gather up some projects I'd like producers for, and why, and what'd be involved, and how, etc.

### Clusterhood

- [ ] Find somebody who would like to run and/or pay for a server for [this][clusterhood].

[clusterhood]: 9664b592-59ed-4ac5-bf15-9b67f67af111.md

### FLOC Estimation

Figues in Lines of Code (also known as Fermi-Line-of-Code) Estimation is a way of measuring how much effort will be involved in implementing a feature or fix. It is based on [Fermi Estimation], and puts a neat easily-communicated metric of estimated effort on communicating milestones.

- [ ] Fill out https://github.com/stuartpb/floc-estimation

### LITL License

The LITL License is a short declaration of principles that serves the social purpose of a license, if not the full legal protections of one.

- [ ] Find a producer for https://litl-license.org/
  - [ ] Progress in the "Request for Producers" quest to continue.

### Buy Nothing

- [ ] Complete the "Fuck Facebook Fridays" quest to make Facebook use tolerable again.
- [?] Join the Buy Nothing group for your area.
- [?] Get rid of this old vacuum cleaner that's taking up space.

### Fuck Facebook Fridays

Face it: if you want to make things happen socially, you're going to have to start using Facebook again. At least you can actively fight it while doing so.

- [ ] Draw up a persistent document explaining why one should practice Fuck Facebook Fridays.
- [ ] Solicit suggestions for highlight topics.

## Unusual Studio Arc

It would be cool if you could just go online and show people the things you're up to. (Oh, well, I guess this page ort of counts, but something a bit more live than that.)

### Test Run

- [ ] Take on one of these other quests on-stream.
- [ ] Start using Quests here as TODO items on the Projects page (or start moving quests here to places that'd be more appropriate)?
  - [ ] This will probably be accomplished by putting all my TODO documents under their own pages in this repo, honestly, it's pretty freeing.

### Quest Structure

- [ ] Spend more time with this Quests structure before making further plans to integrate it into Unusual Studio.
- [ ] Maybe it would make sense to sort these "Quests" under both Arcs and Projects?
  - [ ] Allow users to vote / pay in at any level, and funds will be divided up beneath that somehow (evenly?)
  - [ ] The infrastructure to associate Projects to Quests is already in place (the "TODO" link points to a document giving a project's quests, in one form or another)
- [ ] Not all quests should be Unusual Studio Quests. How would it make sense to draw that line?
- [ ] Find a way to associate odd jobs into Unusual Studio, if not by using Quests.
  - [ ] Quests also work pretty well as Agendas, just saying...

### Bluetoot the Loveable Sidekick

- [ ] Program a server that will make sounds out of a Bluetooth speaker on certain stream events.

## See Also

- [Quests: Angst Edition][angst-quests]

[angst-quests]: 59725060-9e81-4681-a58b-3114d5720cc5.md
