# Let's Talk Tommy

Okay, so, the origins of this idea lie in this kind of recurring nightmare / hallucination I get sometimes, about the chromosones of my sperm being data directly compiled by my subconscious. This fear compounds with one of my other (normally largely rational) fears, that of shipping code with a design flaw that can't be patched for reasons of backward compatibility (like the origins of JavaScript - [reason #5 that Computer Glitches Won't Go Away Ever][Cracked article]).

[Cracked article]: http://www.cracked.com/article_18808_7-reasons-computer-glitches-wont-go-away-ever.html

After waking up in a cold sweat with the imagery of this fresh in my mind this morning, I also recalled a couple of other thoughts I've had percolating in my head, one based on the new season that premiered December 29 and one I've thought would make an interesting Black Mirror theme for years:

- I want to revisit the characters from *USS Callister* to hint at how they all turned out, even if it's just a background reference in a news crawl. (I also just want to see Jimmi Simpson's Walton more, [especially considering how much thought he puts into his performance][EW interview].)
- They say that familiarity breeds contempt, and nothing seems to breed more of each than the things we recognize in ourselves emerging in others. The *real* nightmare would come if a service let us *extract* those undesirable qualities in ourselves for *direct antagonism*. (And who's to say that this isn't [essentially what parenting is already?][This Be the Verse])

[EW interview]: http://ew.com/tv/2018/01/04/jimmi-simpson-black-mirror-character-theory/
[This Be the Verse]: https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poems/48419/this-be-the-verse

It all fell into place when I thought about that lollipop Tommy had in *Callister*, and a story that my mom revealed to me as a teenager (after telling her about the episode of South Park where Kyle's mom has him play "[Ookie Mouth][]" to catch Kenny's chicken pox) about how she had me lick the lollipop of another kid who had chicken pox. That image made me think of Tommy as a [Gattaca Baby][Designer Babies], who'd be given a lollipop to introduce CRISPR/Cas9 viral DNA rewriting "antibodies" to resolve one of the persistent ethical qualms people have had with the Gattaca concept (that it's inhumane to craft children whose DNA can become obsolete).

[Ookie Mouth]: http://southpark.cc.com/clips/150660/ookie-mouth
[Designer Babies]: http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/DesignerBabies?from=Main.GattacaBabies

On top of that, I realized that the world of *Callister* is *already* a setting where the lines between DNA and consciousness have been blurred, and so it would make a *perfect* host for horrors like a scene where fertility specialists analyze your DNA for known regressions introduced in previous patches.

(This *also* calls out to one of the thoughts I've had about the episode *Arkangel*, that the most implausible speculative concept was that of a defunct company's network-connected product continuing to function after the startup that produced it inevitably closes its doors. Imagine if our culture of best-effort support - only providing updates for phones older than two years if it's not even *slightly* harder for them to do - were extended to *people*.)

I recognize that episodes of Black Mirror should stand alone, so this episode wouldn't have any *direct* reference to the plot of *USS Callister* (it would probably be like Arkangel, showing the early and later years of Tommy's life, making it, in a way, both prequel *and* sequel - the actor who played Tommy could resume the role for a cameo as Tommy ages).

(On the subject of withdrawing support for human beings after they've aged out of their mandated support window: think about how we *already* have this attitude toward child stars, eg. Sarah Lynn on *BoJack Horseman*.)

I recognize that, by reusing the character of Tommy and showing him in more (not always flattering) detail, it has the potential to rob the Tommy scenes in *USS Callister* of their emotional punch on (re)watching for a shared audience. By the same token, though, I believe that supplementarily fleshing Tommy's character out in three dimensions has the potential to make his original scenes *more* heartbreaking: it's all in the execution.

The working title's a somewhat-unavoidable homage to *We Need To Talk About Kevin*, one that also brings to mind "let's talk turkey" and the idea of a sales pitch around the designer crafting of your children.

## Treatment

We start out by seeing Walton getting upsold on perks for Tommy's synthesized conception by the gene-technician/salesperson who lands prospective customer-parents at the leading-name designer baby startup of the time.

*(I should probably note here that I've yet to actually see Gattaca; apologies if any of the gags here were already done there.)*

My original impulse was to have Walton participating in the picking process with his wife, leading to the scenario where the features Tommy inherited from her become *extra* bittersweet after Walton's inevitable divorce for infidelity, knowing that he paid a premium for Tommy to *specifically* have his mother's eyes - "I should've taken the eyes, I could have let her have the lips, or the earlobes".

A second thought is that the company could be giving Walton the opportunity to be a single dad (because chicks dig kids), by having Tommy's mother be a composite of fifty generations of virtually-iterated supermodels. (This gives Walton a neat arc, initially wanting Tommy for vain and superficial reasons.)

(You could also combine the two: have Walton browsing with his wife, hear the pitch about the virtual supermodel legacy, assure his wife he'd only father Tommy with her, then turn around and privately tell them to do the supermodel thing, everywhere they can get away with it.)

After his birth from an [artificial womb][baby in a bottle], Tommy's infancy is remarkably brief; as a feature of his genetic crafting, he matures to "cute kid" status at about five times the rate of a non-GMO child, so you can spend less time on the "terrible twos" and more time buidling heartwarming, day-at-the-beach Hallmark moments.

[baby in a bottle]: https://www.wired.com/2017/04/grow-baby-bottle/

In another feature of his bespoke genetics, Tommy is also very precocious. A pivotal moment in Walton's relationship with Tommy is when, one day, picking Tommy up from daycare (where kids are given [algorithmically-determined surrealist entertainment][Something is wrong on the internet] to pacify them), Walton vents about his day, and Tommy responds with a simple, yet deep insight into how the real troubles that are plaguing Walton lie not within the actions of the people around him, but in Walton's perception of them. *(If only Robert Daly had someone to give him the same insight...)* Walton stops seeing Tommy as a *prop*, and starts seeing him as a *person*, a missing attachment in his own personal development.

[Something is wrong on the internet]: https://medium.com/@jamesbridle/something-is-wrong-on-the-internet-c39c471271d2

However, Tommy's prone to problems - glitches, corner-cases, early-adopter kinks. The nature of these problems can range from allergies ("How is a *baby* allergic to *milk*?" "Oh, we never really tested it, we kind of expected you'd just feed the baby with the Soylent packets you signed up for." "I cancelled that subscription like a week after you stopped the free trial!"), to seizures ("Look, we understand that this little episode was upsetting, but we assure you, even if anything *had* happened to Tommy, we'd be able to replace him with an *upgraded* child, provided at *absolutely* no cost to y"-*sound of getting punched in the face*), to uncontrollable tics.

One day, Walton simply asks Tommy "How was your day?", and eight-year-old Tommy starts responding "my day was the day of all days to have a day the day today was quite a day was today indeed day day day a day-day adage day by day..." Walton has to call the child-rearing company's tech-support line, where they give him the boutique-baby equivalent of "turning it off and back on again": "pinch his nose and cover his mouth until he passes out; he should wake up in about thirty seconds, he'll be fine".

Whenever Tommy unexpectly encounters an error like this, BabyCo gives Walton a patch to give to Tommy, in the form of a virus to infect him with that will systematically replace every instance of the defective gene sequence with an updated, refined one. After the first time, when Walton tells them that he's not comfortable jamming a virus-filled syringe into his child to fix BabyCo's mistakes, the company provides the updates in the form of consumables: generally hard candy, like lemon drops and lollipops.

One disquieting trend that emerges in all this is that BabyCo, in the short term, is generally impatient with Walton when he's not comfortable with the instructions they give him. When he calls them to say he's not going to inject Tommy with the patch they sent him to fix the milk allergy, their support rep's response is "well, okay, you can inject him with the patch, or you can let him starve to death. You're his dad, so I guess it's your call, bro. (click)"

As Tommy matures, he gets used to this piecemeal trickle of fixes-from-above on a regular basis. At about age eleven, when Walton asks "Tommy, you want a piece of candy?", Tommy replies "You can just call them updates, Dad, I know how this works." This leads to a growing rift in Tommy's relationship with his father, as Tommy feels that Walton responding to *every* problem that arises in his life with a quick fix he can (semi-literally) shove down Tommy's throat.

Tommy's not wrong, either. As Walton sees Tommy start to develop the same personality flaws he dealt with earlier in his life (ironically, with Tommy's insights being a major motivator for Walton to confront them in himself), he goes back to BabyCo, telling them that something's defective, something's *really* defective, in his son's growth. "You told me he'd have all the *best* parts of me, but I'm seeing the *worst* of me coming out of the woodwork. Aren't you going to patch this?" The BabyCo tech, taking pauses to swoon at every two-to-ten-year-old that passes through the door, replies sardonically:

"What you're telling me is what every parent in the history of civilization - hell, probably *pre*-civilization - has had to say about their teenager. Sounds like you need to try *talking* to him." As Walton fumes that, Tommy's whole life, he *has* been talking to him - talking *with* him - the BabyCo tech tells him it's out of their hands, as BabyCo is only explicitly liable for physical ailments that may arise in the child's life from birth until they're eighteen years of age (at which point any further defects are to be treated as a healthcare concern).

*(third act to come)*
