# The Well of Souls

This is the part of [my act][TUT] where I talk about my problems with Christianity, and all the damage its good-intentioned zeal for martyrdom has done to the fabric of humanity on Earth, particularly in America.

[Thank you for coming to my comedy act.][Thanks]

[TUT]: 384199c8-03a8-4771-98f8-ea0111fe78b6.md
[Thanks]: 475b2009-17ee-47e8-9e3e-c5c7043608a7.md

yadda yadda Crucifixion yadda yadda people think they should kill anyone who's cool or weak

Please don't, because I have so much to live for. This is the first act I've ever done in my standup career, and, honestly? I think I can get funnier. I have a family, and that's just starting to shape up. Yeah, sure, you'd write a fun little tragedy. But I

But ultimately, I don't think I can convince anybody not to kill me. All I can say is, that's what this act is about. No matter how many traps and weapons I amass, I can never truly defend myself. Not if I want to be free to live. You can encase yourself in armor, and defensiveness, and bunkers, but that's not going to keep you safe.

Say what you will about Hitler, but he did something in World War II after nobody else could:

Anybody who hasn't seen the act before heard the punchline? This is an old joke.

He killed Hitler.

He was safe from the entire world - the price was just never interacting with it. So what else was there left to do?

And, you know, the Allies were coming for him, and he was on drugs, but you know. He could have pulled some last-stand bullshit, but that would have required feeling any kind of strength. And he had none, the weassely little shit.

One more man who fell for the devilish lie that it's every man for himself. One more man who didn't realize where that takes you until it's too late.

Maybe he finally realized he couldn't go on driving the truck. And then he just became one more victim of the Shoah. One more man throwing himself under the wheels of The Juggernaut. (The Juggernaut! I didn't list that in my list of supervillains. Yet. I can do this show as many times as I want. Not because I have a time machine or anything...)

**You're never gonna get out of situations like this trying to figure out what you can do for yourself.** That's the fucking, I mean, there are *morals* to this entire fucking act, but that's the moral of *all* the morals. And it's the goddamn fucking stupid obvious one that everybody  repeats until theiy're blue in the face, and it's the truth, and it's *so fucking unconvincing*, because every self-serving bastard claims *I'm doing this for you, it's for your own good, it's for the best, you'll thank me some day, I'm so selfless*. When they say it, it's a fucking *lie* - a lie they're telling *themselves*, and then *repeating* to you - and it *makes the truth sound fake*.

The only way to really be safe: you have to find people around you who believe you, who believe in you, who will protect you.

And, if you ever find yourself alone, you need to convince others not to attack. And there's only one act of bravery, one force in the world I know that's able to do that. It's not an act of force, or intimidation, or entrapment.

It's an act of comedy.

There's another scene in Schindler's List - yeah, reflect for a second how cliche it has become at this point for me to cite Schindler's List to make a point in my act - hey, maybe we're actually Americans learning lessons from the Holocaust! Fuck me, maybe things are gonna turn out okay!

But yeah, actually, this is probably my favorite scene in the movie. It's when (look up person), and I know enough WWII stories to know that shit like this happened all the time, so I haven't verified that it happened but I'm certain it's based on real shit - he's, they're finally storming the ghetto, and the Jews are trying to hide or escape, and he's done this elaborate scheme to escape, and all these fucking Nazis come up on him, and he does this thing where he starts dragging all the abandoned luggage in the street to the sides.

And the Nazis are fucking drunk, because of course they are. They're German, and they're committing crimes against humanity - like most crimes, they're a lot easier to commit after a few drinks. And he's being deferential, seemingly harmless, clearly defenseless, ballsy as hell, and you know what? Fuck it. It's funny.

They wanted to show that they got the joke. They wanted to be in on it, too.

So they let him live.

Don't get me wrong, they were still fucking Nazis. That was an incredibly risky gamble. One of them could have tripped on a cobblestone, gone "FUCKING JEWS!" and shot the guy anyway.

But they didn't, and he survived. And, when you have nothing, that's the other option you have. It's still shock- but it's gentle. It's a powerful shock, but something you can survive.

I don't doubt that the Nazis when that happened in real life were drunk, but I'm not convinced that they were as cartoonishly drunk as they had to be for that scene to make sense to the average person in a movie. Because, dude, seriously, people are like that when they're sober. It's just not usually life or death.

But seeing humanity tested in these circumstances is the way we know what isn't bullshit, what really applies at the extremes of the human experience, you know?

## Losses

I want to list some amazing people who died too soon because people got it into their fucking head that it'd be super cool to crucify them.

"I am speaking, of course, about Dracula." - Doug Kenney in A Futile and Stupid Gesture

- Fred Hampton
- Aaron Swartz
- Howard Ashman (crucified by inaction on AIDS)
- The fucking Helter Skelter murder of Sharon Tate et al

## Wins

People who *did not* get crucified:

- Fred Rogers
