# DONALD TRUMP DESTRUCT SEQUENCE

> KIRK: Computer, destruct sequence. Are you ready to copy?

> COMPUTER: Working.

> KIRK: Prepare to verify destruct sequence code one. Computer, this is Captain James Kirk of the USS Enterprise. Destruct sequence one, code one, one A.

> COMPUTER Voice and code one, one A verified and correct. Sequence one complete.

> KIRK: Mister Spock.

> SPOCK: This is Commander Spock, science officer. Destruct sequence number two, code one, one A, two B.

> COMPUTER: Voice and code verified and correct. Sequence two complete.

> KIRK: Mister Scott.

> SCOTT: This is Lieutenant Commander Scott, chief engineering officer of the USS Enterprise. Destruct sequence number three, code one B, two B, three.

> COMPUTER: Voice and code one B, two B, three verified and correct. Destruct sequence completed and engaged. Awaiting final code for thirty second countdown.

> KIRK: Mister Spock, has the ship returned to the course set for it by my orders?

> SPOCK: Negative, Captain. We are still headed directly for Cheron.

> COMPUTER: Destruct sequence engaged. Awaiting final code for thirty second countdown.

> KIRK: Computer, this is Captain James Kirk of the USS Enterprise. Begin thirty second countdown. Code zero, zero, zero, destruct zero.

I had fun watching the debates in 2016, but Clinton never went for the throat. (She wouldn't: the whole point of it all was to keep up the [kayfabe][], keep seeming "presidential", like that was enough to ensure he could never win. What a confederacy of fucking dunces.)

[Kayfabe]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kayfabe

If you *really* want to destroy Donald Trump, you have to trigger a complete core meltdown by unrelentingly attacking his most blatant, fundamental weakness: his desire to be the only one, the *greatest* one, of something, anything. Even if he's just the biggest monster.

(Incidentally, on this count, Fred Trump was to his son what Galen Erso was to the Death Star.)

One of the biggest mistakes so many people don't get about Trump is that people *do like him*! Different folks have reasons, but there are *caring* people in America who love him, for the same reason as America loved poor William Hung: they like him *for his faults*! That he *doesn't apologize for them*! The fucker may have come in *second*, but he still got *sixty million fucking people* to vote for him! This would make a *sane* person's confidence *indestructable*, but Donald Trump is such a pathetic fucking man of sand that he is fucking **insecure about it**. How people are not *using this*, just, fucking baffles me.

So what you do is, you look at **everything people actually like about Donald Trump**, you go down the list, and on each of these points, you put the spotlight on **anyone who does that thing better**, louder, prouder, with more stamina and more skill. They need to be real, specific people, ones that most folks in the room have heard of before.

Trump *hates* seeing people think about specific other people, because his head only has room for one (himself), and watching an audience of people perform this *very basic act that most people can do but he can't* is one of the things that, well, let's just say it opens up his Thermal Exhaust Port.

You want angry? Trump gets tired after thirty minutes. How about Lewis Black? *He's* angry, he lasts a whole set, and his jokes actually have fucking *punchlines*.

You want cocky? Go find Anthony Scaramucci. Trump actually hired this guy, then he fired him when he realized the Mooch was making him look inadequate.

You want profane? Go listen to fucking Lenny Bruce. Or George Carlin. Or, fuck, I don't know, who's alive? Trey Parker, Matt Stone, the South Park dumbasses. Or, just, fuck, fucking *anybody* who isn't a starched-collar fuck like these sizzling shitbucket colostomy bags that have dominated political discourse since the advent of mass-market television, who all fell to the first guy who ever got to the General Election while talking remotely like a normal American, who doesn't shit themselves at the prospect of getting caught saying "shit".

(From what I've been able to glean, Obama did know how to fucking swear - it's a damnsome shame he also had to set a fucking impossible example as an unprecedented figure in the history of the nation, meaning he never got the chance to do so.)

You want powerful? Putin actually controls a bloc of nations - the US used to mean shit in the West, but since trying to tear up fucking NATO, half the time the word's leaders have a summit Trump can't even get a fucking seat at the table.

You want rich? You want selfish? Jeff Bezos and Mark Zuckerburg could buy and sell Trump's sorry ass ten times over, and they wouldn't feel a fucking thing because, in case you missed Zuck's congressional hearing, they're so fucking dead inside that no human emotion even registers in their bodies any more.

You want *attractive*? Christ, if Trump's seventy-eight year old shambling ass is what passes for *hot* for you, go fuck Tommy Wiseau, he's still alive, and his megalomania never went beyond pretending his shitty movie was supposed to be Rocky Horror.

You just want somebody who's a brain-damaged, unrepentant asshole, who has somehow been met with unexpected and inexplicable success? Again, Tommy Wiseau is still alive, go fuck him, because you've clearly got some shit going on with an attraction to toxic motherfuckers.

You want a scary cult? Go join Scientology. You want shiffty fake hair? Did you *see* that shit going on with Stephen Miller? You want steak? You've probably got a local butcher that can get you a steak that's *fresh*, not fucking sealed in a gross-ass plastic bag. If not, you can still get a better, fresher steak from the fucking *supermarket*.

Etcetera.

The part where the majority of your focus needs to be on people with *little to no connection* to Donald Trump is *very fucking important*, because Donald Trump *loves* hearing people be *mad* at him - the only thing he hates hearing about is *anybody or anything else*, and you've got a *shitload* more things in this world that Aren't Donald Trump than Are Donald Trump, and the entire American aristocracy keeps somehow losing at this challenge like it's the fucking "Name Ten Things That Aren't Jackie Chan" game from [It's Not Jackie Chan][].

[It's Not Jackie Chan]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8u4CEBVq7s

You keep going, you keep naming names, you keep **putting the spotlight on _other fucking people_ without ever letting it rest on _him_**, until you get to the one thing President Trump is most insecure about: *the fucking 2016 election*.

"You think I'm not so great? Well, I won, didn't I?" Except you fucking *didn't*, you lost by three million votes, and you told yourself it didn't happen (with the most second-grader "you're lying, everybody loves me" shit I ever heard) because you couldn't handle that the only reason you're president now is because you got a fucking layup from the ghosts of a hundred young racists from two centuries ago who did more to shape the workings America in *one summer in Philly* they you were able to do over the course of (assuming this dipshit makes it to 2020, in the debates where this destruct sequence would be deployed) *four fucking years*.

"Yeah, well I'm president right now."

"Well, not for long."

And then you just shut the fuck up and watch him tear himself apart.
