# Quests for the Network Neighborhood

This is an arc of [Quests][] around online communities and the tools we use to interact with each other online.

They're more about building people and protocols than they are about technology, but there'll probably be some of the latter to facilitate the former.

[Quests]: 6f25cf97-8ee8-460e-9db8-3c241cadbff0.md

There's a paradox to spending time describing a social movement you'd want to see instead of going out and *doing* it, but, hey, that shit worked for Karl Marx, right? (I mean, you know... nominally, at least)

## DingRoll

- [ ] **Make DingRoll.**
  - Alice Goldfuss had a good thread on Twitter the other day acknowledging why we've gravitated toward Slacks off of networks like Facebook

## praisefiles

- [ ] Review the state of praisefiles as a workspace for a refresher.

## Request for Producers

- [ ] Make a first paragraph or two writeup.
- [ ] Gather up some projects I'd like producers for, and why, and what'd be involved, and how, etc.

## Clusterhood

- [ ] Find somebody who would like to run and/or pay for a server for [this][clusterhood].

[clusterhood]: 9664b592-59ed-4ac5-bf15-9b67f67af111.md

## FLOC Estimation

Figues in Lines of Code (also known as Fermi-Line-of-Code) Estimation is a way of measuring how much effort will be involved in implementing a feature or fix. It is based on [Fermi Estimation], and puts a neat easily-communicated metric of estimated effort on communicating milestones.

- [ ] Fill out https://github.com/stuartpb/floc-estimation

## LITL License

The LITL License is a short declaration of principles that serves the social purpose of a license, if not the full legal protections of one.

- [ ] Find a producer for https://litl-license.org/
  - [ ] Progress in the "Request for Producers" quest to continue.

## Buy Nothing

- [ ] Complete the "Fuck Facebook Fridays" quest to make Facebook use tolerable again.
- [?] Join the Buy Nothing group for your area.
- [?] Get rid of this old vacuum cleaner that's taking up space.

## Fuck Facebook Fridays

Face it: if you want to make things happen socially, you're going to have to start using Facebook again. At least you can actively fight it while doing so.

- [ ] Draw up a persistent document explaining why one should practice Fuck Facebook Fridays.
- [ ] Solicit suggestions for highlight topics.
