# Bell's Sinners Second Class

People in this canon who are *really* problematic, but haven't done anything to *really* piss me off (meaning they are Excommunicated from this pantheon), are listed as Sinners On Notice. You get, like, one strike, and I won't waste my time explaining why (unless you ask me personally), and then YOU'RE OUT OF THE MOVIE!

To be clear, this is not a fucking friends list, and it's *defintely* not an Enemies List. My Friends List is the thing I do on Thanksgiving, where I thank everybody I've ever met.

## These Comedians

I'm thinking the *really* weird comedians, who technically play "characters", get to be saints. I haven't really figured that part out yet, though.

Also, really *really* good dead comedians, like Robin Williams and Andy Kaufman (probably), get to be Saints. But, like, fucking homophobe Lenny Bruce is a permanent Sinner (and I think he'd like that just fine).

- Emo Phillips
- Weird Al (Weird AI being one of the Horsemen of the Apocalypse)
- Groucho Marx
- W.C. Fields
- Ambrose Bierce (author of The Devil's Dictionary)
- H.L. Mencken (Not strictly a comic but whatever, what's the difference)
- Samuel Langhorne Clemens, better known by the Holy Name of Mark Twain

## Sane Scientists and Mad Engineers

- Thomas Edison, the Dark Wizard of Menlo Park
- Richard Feynman
  - if you doubt that Feynman belongs in the Pantheon of Sinners, remember Los Alamos (or at least remember Oppenheimer, who ran the joint, to later proclaim "The Duchy stops here").

