# Mr. Robot scene pitch: Why encrypt E Corp's data?

*(This pitch is predicated on spoilers through the end of Mr. Robot season 2.)*

A scene in which a non-technical person asks someone close to the hack why fsociety didn't just delete the data, why they encrypted it instead.

This explanation serves a double purpose: it resolves a question that may arise in some viewers' minds (creating what seems like a plot hole in the service of having a MacGuffin in the form of a crypto key that could rescue E Corp's data), and it shows how fsociety repurposes the malevolence of corporate strategies against them.

I'm going to assign these lines to Angela and Tyrell for the purposes of having a readable script, but a high level, this exchange isn't tied to any one pairing of characters - the key components are that it involves a character further from the hack, who doesn't see why the data couldn't just be deleted, speaking to someone closer to the hack, who revels in the details of what fsociety did.

It helps if the character farther from the hack is a more "ordinary" character, like Angela, to justify the explanation being delivered with such a high-level explanation: if the "outside" character is one with more technical knowledge, like Darlene, it might be called for to rewrite some of the "insider" dialogue to incorporate more detail (though not necessarily: think of Elliot's grandiose speechifying to Darlene in the Halloween night scene when he first hatches the plot).

Some possible character pairings that this scene could work for:

- Angela and Tyrell (Angela being brought in on the conspiracy)
- Angela and Elliot (likewise)
- Tyrell and Elliot (Tyrell being told what his role will be for Phase 1)
- Darlene and Elliot (likewise)
- Dom and Darlene (Darlene showing Dom fsociety's worldview in interrogation)
- Elliot and Mr. Robot (Mr. Robot having the effortless, high-flying urge to burn the world the way it burned him)

Also, there's a sleight-of-hand component to this that might work better for a more mysterious character like Tyrell, though, of course, that is mostly just set dressing that could be easily substituted with some other action (or just talking heads - Mr. Robot isn't exactly known for its coreography), and could even be distracting enough that it makes the description harder to follow (it really depends on how the director would want to frame it).

Also note that Elliot could, of course, be replaced with Mr. Robot for any of these, possibly even shifting back-and-forth between the two as Elliot finds a technical analogue to the Machivellian descriptions Mr. Robot lays out (though that could be a little on-the-nose).
