# Spelling

A thing I do that I can't remember where I picked it up is referring to any kind of functionally-identical formulation with different syntax as "spelling", even if it's entirely different words, layout, parameter order, whatever, because the point is that it's the lowest kind of bikeshedding, and like prose spelling, it doesn't really serve a purpose except to enhance readability among a certain cultural subset that has certain expectations about the conventions their language will follow.

Some people might call some of this "grammar", but really, Grammar is just Spelling with the focus shifted a bit. Spelling fusses about I before E except after C, and Grammar fusses about "I" before "me" except after "see". Either way, it's a meaningless fuss over the selection and order of arbitrary symbols that resolve to identical functional output once the interpretation compiles. Whether you spell it "Spelling" or you spell it "Grammar", the addressed value is 978ff8a3-3814-4825-9101-bb08ca7b23ae. You think I care which pointer the address was assigned from? Fuck off.

Of course, the *computer* cares (as well it should! Imagine the catastrophes that would arise if you typed `rvm tests` without installing it first, and your provincial putz of a shell took a second to fuzzy search valid options under `$PATH`, then charged ahead under the assumption that you must have meant `rm -r tests/`), but *humans* have no such need (in terms of performance *or* predictability) to disregard the unfamiliar.

(nonetheless, I still reserve the absolute authority to be a fussbudget about particular kinds of spelling when I'm putting an eye toward the polishing stages of things, like API design, where the intelligibility of signal among anticipated audience *does* matter - and in situations where certain kinds of spelling will increase the likelihood of homograph collisions, especially in the face of typos in prose or other signal decay errors)

And don't even get me started on homographs! C alone has three separate words that are all spelled S-T-A-T-I-C (and, to make matters worse, they're pronounced the same, too). It's a mess. And then you've got languages like Bash, that have all kinds of different spellings for the word `end` (`fi`, `done`, `esac`) that it expects you to employ in different contexts (at least Lua got this one right - I still catch myself exhibiting symptoms of Bash poisoning when I type the end of an `if` statement in Lua and start to reach for the F key).
