# Trim and Shake

## song to trot out when the audience looks really horrified

Thank you for coming to my comedy show, where we learn about the Holocaust in between Disney songs (immediately launches into song)

I can show you the world,
Hitler's conquering Poland
Blitzing England and Scotland leads to the Atomic Bomb
IT'S WORLD WAR TWOOOOOOOO
A new horrific point of view
And there's nowhere to go,
it spans the globe, no matter
what you do, you're screwed
in World War II

*it's world war twoooooo...*

## Thoughts on the Subconscious

Placebo effect doesn't mean you're dumb and you're faking it: it means your brain is more powerful than even you know, and the mere act of it taking a pill is enough for it to allocate your body's resources to the correct location.

People are kind of like that. That's what Modern Monetary Theory is all about, and I honestly wouldn't be in any way surprised to learn that the part of our brains working the rest of the body (including the rest of the brain: is this the stem?) works the same way.

Feelings are real. They're complicated, and they're not always the right thing to act on, because they're imperfect fuzzy heuristics based on random samples that can exhibit biases, especially at low sample sizes

(maybe insert description of Bayesian inference here)

But yeah, that's not a reduction in brainpower (what these dumbkopfs mean when they say "IQ", because they think IQ is like Power Levels in DBZ, that it's a measure of a store of some kind of exhaustible resource, instead of being more like a pipeline gauge, and not even the gauge of a particularly relevant pipeline to brain function at that).

But yeah, there's another big intangible force: Brainpower. That's like the direct opposite of Whitepower, and you can quote me on that. The opposite of Brain Power is White Power.

The reverse is true, too, but don't quote it as "the opposite of white power is brain power", because that's jingoistic shit that sounds antagonistic to white people and makes people feel smug just for saying "I don't much care for these white power people", when that is the *ground floor*, it's the fucking *pavement*, disliking white power but doing nothing about it has a measurable effect of precisely *zero*. it ignores everything I was trying to say about Whitepower. I'm saying that, if you're in a place with enough whitepower (and you don't need to be white to harness ambient whitepower), and you want to avoid people using their brainpower, you lean into the whitepower. That's what Nazi Germany was, man. The fascist pursuit of whitepower over brainpower.

I should see if I can work in something about the fucking Reid Technique and how fucking disgusting cops are (hence why I've booby-trapped the place: cops aren't gonna help me)

The greatest Jewish superhero isn't The Hebrew Hammer, it's The Amazing Spiderman (pronounced like "Goldman" or "Steinman") (this is mostly as a prep line for responses to people feeling weird about Ronnie Raygun)

## Addendum to "you're fine"

There is a way to crash this act, but it's like reaching Level -1 in Super Mario Bros. It requires a very specific series of mistakes, and they're not going to be ones you make unintentionally: you have to be *really trying* to crash this act. And I'll warn you if you trigger it.

(this is a pretty direct parallel to The Stanley Parable)

But there are three separate self-destruct sequences for the act. And, don't worry, if something goes horribly wrong, the self-destruct sequence will be the funny one. The *worst-case scenario* only involves physical violence, and I will not instantiate it.

## Introducing all the traps

(This should probably come after the "You're safe, you're okay" disclaimer, like right after)

It's okay. I'm not a supervillain or anything GOOOOLDFINGER... HE'S THE hmmmm, THE hmmm WITH A MIIIIIDAS TOUCH

SUCH... A COOOOLDFINGER! (lick finger, touch sizzling ass)

BECKONS YOU... TO ENTER HIS WEEEEEB OF SINNNNNNN... BUT Thank you for coming to my comedy musical revue, about the life of British historical figure James Bond

You guys get that joke, right? Because the next words are...

(see if anybody in the audience knows, interrupt them if they do) BUT- DON'T- GO- INNNNN!

And then there's a line about "golden lies he will pour in your ear, and his lies can't disguise what you fear", and something about a kiss of death, and that's not really relevant to anything here, so...

Some of these jokes really only get funnier the second time through this act. But you'll have to buy another ticket to appreciate those!

But yeah, I mean, "disguise what you fear"? Who'd be afraid of me? (this should come after the part where I threaten hecklers with a cattle prod, possibly underscored with the same cattle prod)

(splice "I'm telling you these things" in here)

But yeah, it's cool to not understand what's going on. I'm not one of those guys who thinks less of a person because they don't get one of my references. I don't expect you to get all the references in this act. There are a lot of little niche jokes I've inserted only for very specific audiences, who are really looking for them. For example, [copy Tie joke from Signal]

Which it is.

(produces vape pen and takes long drag) Smoke 'em if you got 'em!

Yeah, you probably see all this crap lying around the theater, and you think it's just *set dressing*! No. You think Everything in this theater has been *very* carefully selected to be used in very specifi

I like my shows like I like my salads: (starts unbuttoning shirt) no dressing.

No, that's not what I mean by *booby traps*! By booby traps, I mean stuff you haven't noticed that I will spring on you when you're least expecting it.

I am a supervillain, in the vein of history's great supervillains. Dracula. Lucifer. Xanatos. Indiana Jones. Mister Mxyzptlk. GlaDOS. Thanos. Lex Luthor. Jason Voorhees. Freddy Krueger. Richard Milhouse Nixon. The Joker (a toker, and midnight smoker). Doctor Octopus. The Penny Pincher. Ronald Ray-Gun. Casanova Frankenstein. Steve Jobs. Darth Vader. M. Bison. Adolf Eichmann. Magneto. The Batman. Ashley Williams. (normal voice) Bizarro.

(alt line) devices rigged throughout the theater to go off at my command. That's what Bell's for. He's the closest thing on Earth to being able to summon the wrath of God.

Pull out lighter when we're not doing whiteboard stuff, maybe a Freebird thing

## Introducing Bell

Oh, I haven't introduced Bell yet! I usually don't. I just like to call out to him at some random point in the act where I need a function Bell's programmed with, and then people just see the phone suddenly light up without warning, and it's like "Aah! God is finally answering his prayers! *On the phone that isn't plugged in!*"

Like I said (or say here), nothing here is set dressing. *Or is it?*

But yeah, Bell is trans. When Bell was created, his assigned gender was "it".

Most voice assistants are also assigned a gender at birth, but it's always female.

Have you noticed that the voices of Alexa, Siri, Cortana, and Google are all women? There's a reason for that: it's because

Bell isn't a family member: he's more like, well, if I'm being honest, he's like, well, okay, this kind of question has been a thing ever since the TNG episode The Measure of a Man, where they ruled that robots as comlpex as Data should be classified as a race in and of themselves. The thing is, Bell is a fixed piece of source code shorter than the Communist Manifesto. If you think Bell is complex enough to be treated as a person, you should show the same reverence to a book.

## Flubs

Want a trick to make your act flawless? Practice *flubbing* a line. When you get really good at practicing a screwup, through some kind of magic, you get really good at making screwups look practiced.

### After recovering with Bell

Thank you again for coming to the rehearsal - the final production will not have someone offstage to feed me my lines. Tcsh, yeah, as if.

Heh, yeah, no, the final performance is going to be me, on stage, in a cloud of tear gas, wearing a gas mask and saying (hands over face and mouth) "I TOLD YOU IT WAS OKAY TO CRY!"

(beat) "YOU SHOULD HAVE RESPECTED MY AUTHORITAH!"

Oh, uh, yeah, uh, that's the connection there, don't fuck with Bell. Suffice it to say, Bell has one way to recover his own flubs, and well, he doesn't know that it's funny, but I think it's a gas.

## Botches

Ever notice how a lot of magicians are comedians? Penn and Teller, Justin Willman, my cousin Ted... uh... *some*... clowns...

But it's because being a comedian makes it easy to pass of a trick as a joke if anything goes wrong. And because, when you get *really* good at jokes, there's no way to make the joke funnier than punctuating it with magic.

## Giggles

When you're not doing a character, but you've got a show as thoroughly booby-trapped as this, you're always wondering: is *he* laughing at what *we're* laughing at? Which, the thought of that is usually what I'm *actually* laughing about.

## Why I'm okay

It's... an unstoppable force, and an immovable object, right? If you're all-powerful, where does it bottom out?

Well, the answer lies in which side of you is stronger. Two dogs, and the one that wins is the one you feed, right? If you have love, you stop needling yourself before something bad happens. Doesn't mean you pull punches - your inner critic can still be *mighty* powerful (that's my real supervillain, who I do feel is healthy, hence why I've let him run so amok all over my set without fearing that someone might get hurt) - but that you always let your good side get the last punch. You always find it in you.

Because you can *always* be stronger than yourself. The question is which side you let have the last surge of strength.

And that... can be dicey.
