# Barfspace Arc of Operations

This is the list of quests currently on the docket to keep Barfspace and/or the overall Stuart P. Bentley Notes Hairball tidy or whatever.

It encompasses things that are currently in this repo, and things that are currently somewhere else.

In theory, there might be some point where everything's "in this repo", but I don't see that happening any time soon.

See also [Vision][] and [Implementation][] quests. Any quests for things that *aren't* currently in this repo (or somewhere else) go in one of *those* (depending on whether it's a vision for the content or code).

This might be the closest series of quests to the [Improvement District][RCID]: I think that page might link to the old root that leads to this one (the new root being still more-or-less applicable of an index to be linked at that page, at least as of 2018-12-23).

[RCID]: eb1e81f8-5939-4f85-9930-418044018a75.md

## Dividing Up the Old World

Barfspace has essentially grown to encompass most of the previous failed projects I'd meant to do writing on.

Now, it's going to going to expand to encompass [the entirety of my loose writing as one big mass][GMP]. (Note that a major quest that would otherwise be on this page has been moved to that one: the two are somewhat inextricably linked in this way.)

[GMP]: f3f3d6ba-6342-415a-9f3b-ab4f1d75a692.md

- [ ] Close stuartpb.plan.
  - [ ] Remove plan.md itself.
  - [ ] Rewrite the README to point to barfspace
  - [?] Archive the repo.
- [ ] Finally go back and revisit that "my-old-bad-ideas" page on the README.
- [ ] Revisit the list from when things were first being merged into [Lean Notes][] (when bagtent was first being devised).
  - [ ] Figure out a litmus test for the difference between Meditations and Musings, or merge the former (in Lean Notes) into the latter (here).
  - [ ] Merge pitches-and-scripts into here, where it's less embarassing (since there's a sort of ambient embarassment about the place here).
  - [ ] Make sure all the Lean Notes issues are copied into pages in Barfspace before archiving the repo or whatever.
- [ ] Take some territory from [petlogs][].
  - [ ] Papercuts were a plan in at least one machine: that's something that can move here.
  - [ ] a weird thing is that I only feel comfortable capitalizing machine names, which wouldn't count case-sensitive against the hostname, here in barfspace where there's no expectation of structure at all

[Lean Notes]: https://github.com/stuartpb/leannotes
[petlogs]: https://github.com/stuartpb/leannotes

## Dividing Up the New World

I guess this'll probably be the canonical Sisyphean labor for not just trying to give structure to barfspace, but to track the giving of that structure.

- [ ] Carry out some of the plans from the [Department of Development][dept]
- [ ] Split each arc into its own page, this page is starting to get too long and unruly. That'll also allow for more meta-structure around arcs (hooray, meta-structure!)
  - [ ] As we split out, diaspora OK? Quests becoming just a convention that's pervasive through all notes? That'd be cool to me
  - [ ] Write somewhere (in the neighborhood of [metaquiddity][] or [the meta collection][]) about how it's totally natural for more layers of indirection to organically emerge like this
    - [ ] Shout out to the tree down by the "Everything I Know" or whatever quest in the Mindfulness Arc, which is doing this same sort of layer-forming
      - [ ] Like, ultimately, this is part of my overall intent with the Meta Collection to capture my meditations on writing in this repo, and how they echo out in the world around me
      - [ ] Should loop in that one XKCD somewhere around here about an entire system just existing to maintain itself, because I know that's definitely a mania thing I take care to avoid
      - [ ] There's also the thing about how this is all kind of like a rough draft and how, with programming / creative projects, notes like this as a to-do list, if you return to them a ton, so long as you're only focusing on things you currently can do and sub-dividing what you can currently do, you can eventually get to a point where you've effectively accomplished your entire task in the form of specifying out its entire structure (or that a bunch of the chains will collapse into completion after a very small number of nontrivial tasks complete and all the effectively-Promise.all()-like-waits close with the parent checks getting checked off by their lists being completed)
      - [ ] Another meta idea I'm gonna drop right here right now: how, like, all this fanciness I'm doing for hashes is only really necessary for humans under the assumption that we need an adversarial model for authoritative / canonical names like IPNS, and how just searching for a thing and picking the most popular result, like, no kidding Google legitimately changed the world, and now just googling eight words from a John Mulaney act is enough to find you the full transcript within five seconds
- [ ] However Lean Notes eventually shakes out, do have at least another notes instance that wouldn't be published.
  - [ ] Figure out what'd be an appropriate way to distribute this.
    - [ ] Keep a master repository in an encrypted repo on a USB stick on your router-server?
      - [ ] Complete the "Flash Open-Source Router Firmware" quest (which I don't think I've written up yet) to unlock this path.
    - [ ] Keep it on your desktop, and just try to keep it booted into Linux forever?
      - [ ] Unlock the "Booting Stutendo Under Stushiba" tech to make this a more feasible idea.
  - [ ] See note about Blackbeard's treasure currently on Loose Notes.
- [ ] Linking to the Wikipedia page on Eventualism might be good here

[dept]: eb1e81f8-5939-4f85-9930-418044018a75.md
[metaquiddity]: 3ef0ffc5-818e-4c16-be90-0a8bd6eb8778.md
[the meta collection]: 8c5a1d30-97d9-4395-85be-b6c8ba57b239.md
