# Barfspace Vision Quests

Quests for content that explain what's going on (or supposed to be going on) around here.

This pairs nicely with the [Visitor Center][] where most of this stuff should probably be linked.

[Visitor Center]: 434dd429-b16d-4924-996f-aaf2ebff29ef.md

See also [Operations][] and [Implementations][].

[Operations]: a3f1fbb2-28c2-43b2-950d-6d5b7af7cd64.md
[Implementations]: 30ec2e6e-47d0-496a-a523-0732b35aea8a.md

## Welcome to Barfspace

Explain Barfspace to others.

- [ ] Revisit the meta index and see what you want to do with it.
  - [ ] Throw it away? It'll still live in the Git history.
  - [ ] Make a Mood Board out of it?
- [ ] Write intelligible pages about some subjects.
  - [ ] [Explain the name.][explainer page]
  - [ ] Maybe salvage some of the thoughts from the old meta stuff
- [ ] Describe how this is kind of like Gists, but not owned by GitHub, and with tools to interlink
  - [ ] Talk about how it's nice to have people have separate repositories for owning their own words, and to just leverage the existing hypertext Web infrastructure (or maybe IPFS / IPLD)
- [ ] It really should be underscored how atypical all this stuff I'm doing with Barfspace is for me.
  - Like, I'm generally *huge* about names
  - This is part of how One Of Those Things With Me
  - Also, this is kind of like how Wordnet does definitions?
    - Also, wow, is there another project that tk defintions so deeply
    - Does Wordnet have a crossreference property on Wikidata?
      - How does Wikidata manage reification disagreements?
        - Is reification an appropriate term for "defining what a word/symbol means"? That's how I've been using it. Shit, wait, isn't that Quiddity? Oh dear, it's the [Metaquiddity][] vortex again.

## The Latest Trends and Lingo

I think if I search that phrase, I'm going to find another place somewhere in these notes where I wrote that. The Welcome Wagon page, the one that's supposed to have the tour?

- [ ] Describe Editor (aka Gnome) Notes.
  - [ ] Why write them instead of actually doing the thing?
    - [x] Editor notes are like a chalk mark when you're doing an inspection in a room before the movers come in: it's for sketching out tasks on the page before doing anything big with it.
    - [x] Editor notes have to live on the page they're about.
  - [ ] What's their lineage? What's a Gnome?
    - [ ] Actually, what lineage does Barfspace owe to Wikipedia, anyway?
      - [ ] How does it take Wiki concepts to the extreme? How does it shatter them?
- [ ] Describe Blip Notes.
  - They're not-really-related inline one-offs that are written where they stand rather than figure out the appropriate place for them right now.
  - They're appropriate when the surrounding context helps illustrate what'd be involved in finding and/or building a proper home for them.
  - Sometimes, they should just be moved to Loose Notes, but don't stress it, man, it's Barfspace.
    - Weird tangent, that's what I thought "Forget it Jake, it's Chinatown" meant, even though I've seen that movie and [that is not what it's about][Chinatown].
      - Oh god though, when I had that "hey, what was the context for that line in Chinatown" thought and found this on Google,
      - I don't know if I've written about this in my Angst Zone yet, but this comes from me having seen Chinatown back in my "not really understanding movies" phase / days? I don't know, honestly, sometimes I watch an old movie, especially from the 70s, and I'm like, "okay, this is weird and hard to understand".
      - I should still rewatch all the movies I saw before about 2011. I still want to find out if Slacker is actually bad or if I was just incredibly fragile.
      - I should *really really* write a delta (see [Squashing the Deltas][], which I should maybe check and see if I need to explain more?)
      - I'm having this real brainwave here about how describing this TK: sidebyside SE vs me just casual
      - Oh man, "explaining what it feels like in my brain" hash tag here: what reading these notes feels like to other people is what reading what a lot of other people think is "intelligible" feels like to me
        - Actually, *should* I use hashtags? No, that's what the point of the pages is, to make it so you can use a link to a page explaining the tag as the hashtag, and you don't need to fuss about giving the idea a name, like right here I'm just calling it "this is what it's like to live in my brain" or, see, that's not even the same sentence, but without needing names it's a lot easier to describe
  - I think BLIP might actually work out really well, since there are lots of things where, like, this was the whole idea behind that "News" or whatever page that I'm not even linking to right now because I haven't used it, that sometimes I need to say what I *was* thinking of to explain why I'm thinking of this *other* thing, and without that context, like, I wouldn't care about it?
  - [ ] What's their lineage?
    - [x] Quick margin notes in notebook pages
- [ ] Describe TK notes.
  - There's a predating-the-caps-and-colon-convention editor note somewhere around here about incomplete sentences, and needing to have a way to say "I need to bounce, but here's a refresher of the rest of this sentence"
  - TK notes are that
  - You always want to write out as much as you can without /**/, because, as the old saying about code comments goes, "write your code comments clearly enough for another programmer to follow, because some day that programmer might be you".
  - So, like, you can potentially leapfrog massive amounts of [PPSS][] bottlenecking by writing an entire page in TK bottlenecking
  - I like the idea that, like, tk is always shorthand for improvements I can think but haven't typed
  - tk that one episode of seinfeld where jerry remembers a joke in the middle ofthe night
  - "tk" is basically a TODO comment that's potentially on every line
  - it tk expiring asset
  - so "tk" is, like, an explicit "I am being cryptic for brevity here", and it's not to confuse anybody
  - tk idle improvement
  - I feel like Henrietta Pussycat going "meow meow idle improvement", like I'm just hitting the important words
  - I think TK is going to catch fucking fire within barfspace, did I mention the vision of, like, once a line no longer has a tk on it that means it's Done&trade;, and like every line would have some TK
  - so I'd be trading off the speed of writing for the reliability of reinterpretation... shit, I've discovered a lossy realtime data compression convention for English
  - wait a second duh, this is just "shorthand", that's basically the real lineage of what tk's about, it's me throwing in a certain level of shorthand
  - and like, potentially the thing I write when I stop trying to make the fit but I give in and type "tk" can just make enough sense to not be rewritten, so a weird short tk just lives there like that
    - and everybody gets, "oh, hey, I'm not supposed to parse this like English, but yeah I get it"
  - BLIP: I need to tell Gravis about barfspace and especially this page and tk, I suspect they may dig it
  - The lineage of tk is I think on Wikipedia
  - Maybe I should use something with a bit more visual pop than "tk", something that has more visual distinction, like // ?
    - I feel like I tried this once and my connents started needing comments and I had to scrap the whole idea, but you know what, that's no reason not to try again with these symbols, even if I'm remembering this whole thing right
    - Oh, you know what? Maybe it's just that I need inline comments, too.
    - On that note, yeah I think C-style comments make the most symbolic sense for this repo
      - Though actually, I kind of like, what if it's percent signs? That makes it feel like Postscript, which is what these messes read like, like the pipe crashed and now there's Postscript commands in your markdown data

[PPSS]: d9275f1c-412c-40da-8bd0-ac4d80bd4513.md
[Chinatown]: https://movies.stackexchange.com/a/1549/12626
[Squashing the Deltas]: 7aa7bddd-8a06-4402-90b8-0e4026db67fa.md

## Selling Bagtent

"Selling" in the sense of Selling to Help... which I think is in Lean Notes, and not this repo.

- [ ] BLIP: You should really merge Lean Notes into this repo, the arbitrariness of that line between the two as barfspace's scope has grown is starting to impede things, case in point.

You've got this whole crazy system for structuring content, and you're using it like crazy, but you still haven't explained the *why* of this system to anybody, the *what* or the *how*.

- [ ] Write up an explainer on bagtent (ie. finish README)
- [ ] Identify strengths and weakness (ie. When It Might Make Sense to Use Bagtent)
- [ ] See if anybody would be interested in being a producer for bagtent
- [ ] Think about a logo or artwork for bagtent.
  - [ ] Look through your Tabalanche stash to see if you can find that picture of a failed 3d print where some of the pieces were partway printed, it was cool, and a good mood-board inspirational aesthetic for all this.

## The Structure and Style of These Quests

There's a whole question giving me [vertigo][metaquiddity] again about how [this quest wasn't documented earlier][main issue 6], because of course we need a quest aggregating thoughts and progress on the description of thoughts and progress on quests.

[main issue 6]: 55527f74-8390-402e-8bb6-51161b7a8e67.md

- [ ] Note how the voice of quests is kind of like the voice of Git commit messages, and maybe there's something to be made of that.

## Writing and Maintaining These Quests

This kind of overlaps with that last quest, but this is less focused on what needs *to be added to the spec* and more about how the existing content needs to be *wrangled*.

- [ ] Complete the quest about splitting all these arcs into their own pages to give a great context for doing this review of everything written so far.
- [ ] Get a handle on all these places where you've written "we" or "I" where "you" would honestly make more sense.
- [ ] Round up all these loose musings that are currently sprinkled across unrelated quests from this commit.
  - We gotta get auto-commit back up and running, man. (This'd be one of those instances where "you" wouldn't make sense to swap in.)

## Big Bagtent/Barfspace Brainstorm Ideas

Here's a quick stash quest for projects that are currently seed-big-enough to be on the Unusual Studio project list, but are plain enough that bagtent can effectively be used to implement them

they kind of have one big thing in common, and let's just say it should go in whatever mood bin index we make for Catch-All Kinds of Stuff

- [ ] [Global Issue Reports for Everything][tracker]
  - [ ] Why bagtent especially?
- [ ] Knowledge Base for Everything, where everybody can post a problem and a solution.
  - Hey, this Quest format might make sense as an interchange template for that! Look out, StackOverflow, here comes Writing Questions In The Form of RPG-Style Quests
- [ ] I like reflecting on how this kind of demonstrates how all you really need is a few common constraints and you don't need to layer another layer on it if the internet has publishing simple enough
  - Also, I mentioned the Catch-All Rap Session: one thing I wanted to float there is how catch-alls need a way to exist when the buffer runs out, if they have an outbound flow, which they should if your organic flow is good and scalable
  - Another thought in this vein, and I mentioned the cutting point between different pages/files in another sidebar musing, but juggling carets and their effect on cognitive load and creating incomplete traces is another great factorization slice for having multiple buffers / files (thouhg, yeah, man, I'd love a keystroke for "remember this text position and let me come back to it"... ah hell, this is a thing Vim has isn't it, I've become one of those people that's building a format so bad I need my editor to be more powerful to compensate
- [ ] I had an idea to do this "oral tradition" thing where I'd try to re-type the same story several times from memory to, basically, break my compulsive fear of repeating myself, and also to see, you know, what I can glean about how it affects me (Mindfulness thing).

[tracker]: 1305adb9-59a7-4179-a9fe-0ddedd802034.md

### Echoes from Outside

This quest was originally written under [Data Smuggling][], with a lot of other unrelated and obsolete stuff. It has been trimmed and somewhat rewritten to make sense here.

[Data Smuggling]: 58d3072a-0670-4bc3-9db2-fca214ca725e.md

- [ ] It'd be nice to have some kind of linkdump for the various directions I go in discovering resources for Data Smuggling
 - [ ] This kind of linkdump also sounds like something that'd be movable to Lean Notes, except that I guess I feel the subject matter is a bit too esoteric.
 - [ ] Maybe this is a weird way to frame this, but: have I considered absorbing Lean Notes into this repository, and that way I just have one big mass of notes instead of an arbitrary divide between both? I like that
  - To be clear, I'm bringing this up right here because it's a blocker in the sense that creating linkdumps aggregating my notes on discovering things in various domains is not only pretty clearly Lean Notes' turn right now, but I'm pretty sure I've even already made a few Lean Notes (Also, hey, first time I've put a non-checkbox for a bulleted item on one of these lists, for when I'm just straight-up making notes inline with my todo, and there's no way it could possibly be acted upon! *hobgoblin of consistency slain*
    - [x] Rejoin this thread back up somewhere around the "Quest About Describing These Quests" spec / style guide quest.
  - [ ] Complete the quest about steeling your nerve and changing the repo name to "notes.stuartpb.com"
  - [ ] This would also justify allowing multiple-first-ancestor merges into the tree, since this is a major content merger, and it would make merging in other smaller foreign trees like Pitches and Scripts less of a big deal.

### Developing Best Practices

Let's just go ahead and start collecting some thoughts here that would need to be incorporated into some kind of collected "things to keep in mind when writing barfspace Markdown"

- [ ] Note that all links should repeat their symbolic references in each section (try to use a consistent ref per page though), so the section can be moved to another page smoothly
  - Example of where I needed this: the "explainer page" reference above got cut out and moved to the [Great Migration Plan][], so I had to dig around to copy it
  - This will probably be less of an issue once bagtent-rig is ready, though
- [ ] Write a Best Practice about how a page should split once it's not easy to remember where any particular clause would be found in a couple seconds of scrolling on it.
  - [ ] Alternately, when you'd want to have multiple carets to keep your place with text you're inserting into one section, because you don't want to lose the position you were previously inserting to to look for or insert text in another part of the piece, it's probably time to have these passages living in different buffers that have all that kind of metadata separate.
  - "Different buffers" is probably the easiest way to describe how I work this heuristic mentally, actually.
  - This also applies to how I generally factor my writing structures, really, code and prose, not just in barfspace (though especially in barfspace).

[explainer page]: f5d72b81-ccb9-45d0-8029-be70895f65ca.md
[Great Migration Plan]: f3f3d6ba-6342-415a-9f3b-ab4f1d75a692.md

## The Quests in the Quotes

Here's a quest I couldn't understand until I took the long block I wrote earlier and split it into several points.

Basically, it's a brainwave about what the "natural titles" of Bagtent imply in their cultural context. It's a complex concept, with conjectural contours.

Dividing up a long blip from earlier into some quests that can split out later:

> Where'd I write that whole thing about Googlability?

- [ ] Describe the implications of a UUID being unambiguous about its significance, as opposed to words which could possibly constitute a distinct statment, but we frequently miss this formation, hence our modern social Eureka: "wait, that's a thing?"
  - This also veers close to the vortex of [Metaquiddity][] to describe further.

[Metaquiddity]: 3ef0ffc5-818e-4c16-be90-0a8bd6eb8778.md

> Anyway, I like the idea of the UUID of that explainer document just like straight-up being "here's the UUID of Stuart's page defining Barfspace, anyone else making a page for it is just riffing off of that,

- [ ] Describe the implications of conjuring a new UUID versus reusing one from outside.

> and Stuart might have merged stuff in back,

- [ ] Describe how Bagtent / barfspace federates (ie. how UUIDs may be reused, borrowed, "stolen", etc).

> but if someone feels their definition / scope / sense / usage has significantly drifted from stuartpb's, they can give it its own UUID,

- [ ] Describe the need for introspection in conjuring, and reflecting on the nature of a page's content, descriptively and perscriptively across contexts.

> and maybe make a stub at the UUID of Stuart's version of the page that describes the divergence,

- [ ] Describe the need to communicate these conclusions when federating.

> because the idea is pages by vague concept that is really just defined by the content on the page and the position of that page relative by links to the pages of the rest of the tree

- [ ] Describe the need to distinguish between separate "cohesive" trees (ie. a symbol can't really reference an instance of that symbol in a foreign tree and trust that it'll keep the same significance, especially not if that symbol also exists within the tree?)
  - This isn't really related to that thought, just kind of also related since I didn't really go into the implications of outside trees when I was originally jotting all this down.

> the UUID is just an inherently unambiguous name to refer to a specific, at the broadest it'd be phenomena surrounding a given UUID, like what happened with 09f911

This should also be woven into the [Data Smuggler][] The-Great-Ephemeral-Namespace-of-Arbitrary-Key-Value-Mapping concept that doesn't really have a page yet.

[Data Smuggler]: 58d3072a-0670-4bc3-9db2-fca214ca725e.md
