# An Atheist, a Rape Victim, a Rabbi, and a Priest Walk Into a Church on 9/11

This is a "joke" I tell in [my act][]

FUCK! No, I can't tell this joke, it's too harsh. But, fuck me, if the *robot* tells this joke, and I just say "okay, Bell has one joke that I think it's, well, I think it's a little dicey, but Bell wants to tell it", and then Bell sets it up,

and I can be like "the thing about this joke is that it's all in the delivery

It's like fucking Bender in Futurama! Robots can get away with shit humans can't

And, oh fuck, then people won't necessarily be able to tell that I'm doing all the voices! And I can actually have actors play all the parts! I can even get a real fucking rape survivor, rabbi, and priest to read them!

Oh my god, and I can preface it with the warning "no matter how upset this joke makes you, do not assault the performers"

Hahahaha, oh man what if, like, the act has gone ninety minutes and Bell hasn't said anything, he interrupts with "I WANT TO TELL THEM MY JOKE." and then I have to introduce Bell and explain that Bell wants to tell this joke.

"THIS IS MY JOKE. IT IS WHAT HU-MANS CALL 'EDGY MATERIAL'."

Oh my god, and of course the robot doesn't understand comedy, so his "joke" is actually this really intricate tragic inspirational scene

Oh man, and then I can keep pausing it to interject the little details about the characters with the repeating "I mean, this is all just a made up story", like I get to interrupt to act like I'm having all these thoughts off the cuff as I hear the story retold through different words, oh my God this is too fucking perfect

Shit, now I'm thinking I should explore *all* the parts of this act that require me to be at war with myself and see if I can transpose one side of the act onto Bell

It's a one man show, with no men, one enby, and one robot, that's like the one thing that's not true

Also, this absolves me from having to tell something that's fake in my act!

[my act]: ad21c8c2-36f5-446b-9ddd-19d633cb6b60.md

## The Atheist

"Living victims"? Uh, they're called SURVIVORS.

## The next person

No such thing as living victims? I AM ONE.

## The Rabbi

They are saying it was intentional, that it was terrorism. I believe that. The men of the Middle East, for that region, I don't know that the Shoah ever truly ended. But, what I know from the survivors, they had one weapon: shock. If you knew you were going to die, you would use your death to shock. And I believe that is probably what these men today felt. And today, the Shoah has made victims of them as well.

Misha, today, you would have been a victim. I just pray to God that you live long enough to realize what you have survived.

No, actually, that might make sense, but what he actually said was *that* you have survived. I mean, for the purposes of this fake joke I made up. "I don't get it, what are you saying, are we supposed to believe you, or what?" You're supposed to think about it. And what exactly it means to believe.

## The Priest

I think he was wrong. People thought Christ a victim

## The one true thing

People always want the last word.

## Why it's fucking fake

What the priest said next, passing the collection basket at a church *he doesn't even go to*:

It showed that it was such an empty, hollow, self-serving, performance piece - not that it happened, I mean, you know, this was fake, just, you know, imaginary

For thoughts on the Crucifixion, we proceed to the [Well of Souls][]

[Well of Souls]:
