# Maker Quests

## Stuff I've printed and am using

this is kind of a legacy quest of previously-completed items, maybe it would make more sense somewhere else but it's here now

- [The Turbine grinder][] and the funnel and funnel-packer from [gruppler's Pax 2 Tools][] (all they need is a place to put the lid and they'd be perfect)
- [Black Ram Hand Mark VII][] (I've got some ideas about how I'd like to improve this mechanically)

[The Turbine grinder]: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:2138128
[gruppler's Pax 2 tools]: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:963088
[Black Ram Hand Mark VII]: https://www.thingiverse.

Most of these quests are independent, though some may depend on 3D Printing Upgrade Arc quests to progress.

### Better Than a Breadboard

You know, as cool as it is to be able to wear it like a morale patch and have the screen displaying stuff with the chip bare next to it, it'd be nice if you could use this breadboard for other stuff.

- [ ] Design a copper-tape-based socket-mount assembly to connect an ESP8266 to your ILI9225.

### A Little Jig

Well, drat. It turns out you can't just loop the copper tape around the pins.

- [x] Design an initial prototype for a copper-tape-based jig for flashing surface-mount chips.
- [ ] Figure out a way to make this jig capable of holding pins in contact.
  - [ ] Wait, couldn't you just put the tape by the outside, then wrap it a second time, so it's bound to the outside of the first layer?

### I Love Lamp

You know that bulb in a socket you've just had sitting in top of your shelves? Might want to do something with that. What you've got right now is probably a fire hazard.

- [ ] Print a test parallelogram prism to see if you've measured the dimensions of your shelving slots correctly.

### Conductivity

- [ ] Measure the conductivity of this conductive ABS filament.

### The IoT-to-Magic-Touch Interface Bridge Layer

- [ ] Invent an IC that will emulate a touch on a touch lamp.
  - (insert note links here)

### The MagicBand Infinity Gauntlet

Okay, so, yeah, [someone else already did this](https://www.thingiverse.com/make:545330), but you've got that yellow MagicBand Icon just sitting there, and it *is* the perfect size, shape, and color for the Mind Stone, and it looks like their thing wasn't worked into the print (and either way, they didn't publish their sources)...

- [ ] Make a version of the Infinity Gauntlet with a space for a MagicBand icon.

### The Calling Card

- [ ] Model your hat.
- [ ] Try out that "Oscard" action figure on a card.

### The Jackson Vive

You'd like to have a better system for keeping your Vive attached to your head, but you don't want to shell out the $100 for a Deluxe Audio Strap. Something $20 is more your speed, and you've already bought all the parts for it.

- [x] Design a new model for the headgear in OpenSCAD.
- [x] Add supports under the tabs and print a unified piece for the bracket in PETG.
- [x] Commit and push the latest design for headphone arms.
- [ ] Continue refining the headphone arm design for PETG.

### A Good Roll of Tape When You Need It

Not only this roll of double-stick tape on your desk, but copper tape, too!

- [x] Design a tape holder in OpenSCAD.
- [x] Print a first prototype of the design.
- [ ] Add a spacer to the inside for keeping the roll of tape away from the sides, so it can turn freely.
- [ ] Develop a cutting-edge system for cutting the tape.

### The Very First Thing

Oh, right! You've been so occupied by all this other print stuff that you forgot [the very first thing you wanted to 3D print][toothless-gsc]. Your original design was okay, but you can almost certainly do better today...

[toothless-gsc]: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:13307

- [ ] Sketch out the design for a grid holder (maybe in Model Magic).

### A Spring Thing

You've got some ideas for parts that'd require springs. Maybe there's a way we can make them?

- [x] Print a spring spooler from https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:92266 in PETG.
- [ ] Print a version of the spooler with a hole for a servo motor axis.
- [ ] Get a servo motor working by button control (possibly with potentiometer for speed) using an ESP8266 or ESP32.

## Project Araminta

[Project Araminta][] is coming along: I've got a working stamp prototype fully fabricated and tested.

From here, the refinements would be around tooling - possibly some sort of frame to align the stamp precisely (maybe involving guides and knobs).

ughhhh son of a bitch I'm an idiot https://tubmanstamp.com/ - the sources were up at https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:2537926 like two weeks before I started. Oh well... at least my version has a lot more SCAD composability - and I can gauge my version of the stamp against the original now. (And incorporate it as an option

[Project Araminta]: https://github.com/stuartpb/project-araminta

Welp, it turns out the sources for the original stamp you were going for were online right about when you got started. Bummer.

- [ ] Design a stamp pad.
  - [ ] Design a cutting jig for inking stamps.
  - [ ] Order a stamping sponge.
  - [ ] Order a stamping ink.
- [ ] Design a self-inking stamp with guide.
  - [ ] Complete the "A Spring Thing" quest to unlock filament springs.
- [ ] Design a "clip" for raising twenties to be inked, one after another, in rapid succession.
- [ ] See if anybody's competently modeled dollar bills in SVG under Creative Commons yet.

## Finding the Plot

You've got these cheap stepper motors: what better inaugural project to start these out with than trying to build a plotter on the ESP8266?

Completing this quest unlocks Big 2D Printing.

Completing this quest will open the door to unlocking Stencil and Vinyl Cutting, as well as potentially Laser Cutting.

- [ ] Look at existing 3D Plotter designs.

## Who Go Weaving?

You've got some ideas that could use fabric, but you're not one for sewing. Even something that can just make competent straps would be useful, but something that could print a rounded sheet would be incredible.

- [ ] Read more about 3D Weaving, specifically what's open-source and available.

## A Light in Your Belly

Your Steven Universe costume could be more... inventive.

- [ ] Complete the "A Little Jig" quest to make the ESP-12S programmable without soldering pins.
- [ ] Design a gem that hold two LR44s, an ESP-12S, and an LED.

## Heart of Gold

You've got your silver one, but wouldn't you rather have one in gold? And one that doesn't slide open in your pocket?

- [ ] See if you can't design a version that clicks into place.
  - [x] Open Emmet's original SCAD file.
  - [x] Experiment with translating, rotating, and hiding the components until you understand the hinge enough.
  - [ ] Add a couple spokes at the Y extremes of the inner knob on LowerLeft.
  - [ ] Add a couple notches in the corresponding Y extremes in LowerRight.
  - [?] Print the new model.

## Crank the Pump

It's a pain in the ass to take your hydration pouch out of your vest just to toss a glass of water in, not to mention looking conspicuous as hell. What'd be nice would be if you had some sort of mechanism, one you could swap out for the mouthpiece, to siphon water directly from a source and put it into your pouch (or vice versa)...

- [ ] Print https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:3063529 and see if you can figure out the assembly there.
- [ ] Model a hand-cranked 360-degree peristaltic pump in OpenSCAD.

## Hold the Caliper

**Complete!**

- [x] Print a holder for your caliper.
- [x] Stick the holder on some furniture and keep your caliper in it.

## Monorail!

- [ ] Look into potential monorail / trolley systems that could be printed.

## OGEL

- [ ] Review the structure of [LEGO.scad][] to see what can be reused for more complex components.

[LEGO.scad]: https://github.com/cfinke/LEGO.scad

## Let's Give You a Big Hand

- [ ] Search for big articulated hands on Thingiverse.

## Ideas

See [Things I Would Like to Print in Various Kinds of Filament][filawish] for what is mostly ideas for stuff I'd like to print, either with no project attached or something
I could link to in one line.

- [ ] Weave better connections between that page and this one (kind of a meta-quest here, I guess).

[filawish]: 3285bdd0-8bbb-4e31-9ade-3a0674d7ab1e.md

## Making Spiff Sans a real font

Trying to learn Fontforge or sometinhg to make this happen.
