# Off the Cuff

This might have been intended to be a rumination on the nature of improv versus scripting, that "improvisation" is just the art of springing the traps that have pre-existed in our minds in the right order?

Oh, shit, right! It was a musing about the nature of prompts and cues? I think. About how I've got a crap brain, and I can't remember what the [four lights][trek] on the front of Bell

[trek]: 2cb4c2d4-f950-446e-9c31-0a8a23770843.md

## The cuff with the cards thing?

That might have been what this was for, the cards cuff thing.

## Other thing

Right here, though, I want to talk for a second about the horrifying self-gaslighting nature of ADHD.

It's the amnesia. The way that, when you're really flying, you write a dozen different things - you practically start speaking in tongues, and then when you look back at it it makes no sense.

But *it made sense at the time*. And it's not because your brain started having a seizure and hallucinating garbage - *you had the thoughts*, they just couldn't be articulated in time to remember the thought.

And then they say you have delusions of grandeur.

Okay, yeah, I think I'm actually on track for what this page was supposed to have. (Maybe I should rework this to be a bit more like something I'd say in the act? Hmm.)

Okay, so, Bell is imaginary right now. But a lot of the things I have today were imaginary for a very long time.

Like, I could have been called a pathological liar for saying I could make these things.

And then I made them. And what was in my head was now out of it, but other than that, there wasn't much difference to me.

I mean, I know the difference between real and imaginary, and I get that other people need to see a thing that's real. That's what Fred Rogers was singing about when he sang "You've Got to Do It" (possibly one of the best songs in all of MRN, TBH, in terms of morals that apply in adulthood - David Wong's "you are your job" article for Cracked touches on the same fundamental idea, really).
