# waxhead-revisited

## Introduction: My Childhood of Abortive Adventures

When I was a kid, my Dad had this old Mac Quadra, which I guess he bought for my mom at some point, along with some computer games for it. My Dad, of course, was a businessman, so he had no time to tool around on an early-nineties Macintosh: when it came to getting his actual business work-from-home work done, he bought home an actual IBM PC-compatible running some version of Windows NT.


              The Office at My House

    |  Cabinet  | | Desk for the Mac | |      | Window
                  |__________________| | Desk | To
    |   Door                           |  for | Back
    | <  to                            |  the | Yard
    |  Hallway                         |  PC  |
                                       |      |
    | Bookshelf |    ____________   |Bookshelf|
                    Door to Closet

The closet in the office was where we kept the board games. We had shelves and shelves of board games, all different kinds of Trivial Pursuit and "The Official Board Game of Disney's" Eisner-era cash-ins. I never played any of them, though, because I was an only child, and these games required siblings, or at least friends, and I had neither.

The games that came with the Mac didn't require any other players, though. Those were my worlds. Without walkthroughs, I was usually scarcely able to make much progress in any of them, but the first few screens of Loom (and its Book of Patterns) were the most mesmerizing opening notes of fantasy I had ever seen.

(Years later, in an Internet age, I would actually re-acquire Loom, and remember being sorely disappointed at the gaudy and abruptly-ending story that would have awaited me had I not remained stuck in that dark, empty village of tents.)

Monkey Island was much better, and much less lonely, but we'd lost the Dial-a-Pirate wheel (nobody was really certain who to blame), so all I'd known of it for years was the strange screen asking me when various strange pirate faces had died. (I was sure that, were I to go to the library, I would find a history book that would tell me all their elaborate histories, and that, were I a more knowledgeable adult, I probably would already have known these answers.) Eventually, one day, my mom did call LucasArts and have them manage to scrounge together one last Dial-a-Pirate disc, to which we stuggled (much further) in Monkey Island, albeit, without 1-800-STAR-WARS up and running, never to actually complete the Three Trials and make to to the titular island.

(A few years later, though not as many as when I re-played Loom, I'd buy a copy of Escape from Monkey Island, which included a copy of The Curse of Monkey Island, which included a disc with the DOS versions of The Secret of Monkey Island and LeChuck's Revenge via a Windows launcher that would brute-force through the DRM. I would play it on my Mom's old Windows 98 machine, long after I'd installed the incompatible Windows XP, and with the help of the then-somewhat-new GameFAQs, did end up beating them both, in dark quiet solitude on summer afternoons.)

I was never all that interested in the mostly-static world of Myst (or Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, which came in that LucasArts bundle and had no DRM), but the worlds of The Manhole, The Magic School Bus Inside the Human Body, America On-Line's The Quest!, and (my ultimate favorite that I would steal away to my father's work PC to visit) The Neverhood were my own personal Tom Sawyer islands.

These games were pleasant places to visit, but even at its worst The Neverhood would only be somewhat unnerving. There was one game, however, that went so much farther, grabbing me by the curiosity and pulling me into dark, troubled dreams of frustration and madness. It was based on a cable show, which I didn't get to watch much since our house only had one set-top box for the sattelite dish in the back yard, and that was in the living room where Dad had the final say on what we'd be watching. But, one book order, we ordered the Mac version of the game anyway, because it looked like it could be another escape.

The full, spelled-out-on-the-box title of the game, designed to hit both the brand tie-in and the game's content (in a clumsy space only *Planescape: Torment* has ever really managed to evade), was *Are You Afraid of the Dark? The Tale of Orpheo's Curse*.

## Part 1: Setting Up Your Virtual Machine

I have no idea where you'd get a Mac version of this game today, nor what you'd do with it if you had one (our Quadra eventually started acting up, due to what we attributed to viruses but was more likely just a buggy device driver in System 7), but you could also get Orpheo's Curse for DOS, and the modern emulation path for DOS games is much more straightforward.

The typical layout of a machine Orpheo's Curse would run on looks like:

- A hard drive mounted to C:
- A CD-ROM drive with the game in it mounted to D:

### Minimum Requirements

Are You Afraid of the Dark requires the following:

 - MS-DOS 5.0 or higher
 - 3000k (3072000 bytes) of extended memory
 - 500k (512000 bytes) of conventional memory
 - a VESA compliant video board
 - a 100% Sound Blaster compatible sound card, a Pro Audio series
   sound card, a Microsoft Sound System sound card, or an Adlib Gold
   series sound card.
 - a 100% Microsoft compatible mouse using Microsoft Mouse driver
   8.20a or higher.
 - a CD-ROM drive that is at least single speed (150 Kb/sec transfer
   rate).
