# Atlanta spec script: Live Performances Nightly

I'm not gonna lie: as unlikely as it sounds, I'm proud of this script. I know that I'm a white guy (and a sheltered, nerdy, technical one at that), and I have no basis even trying to write anything like this, and I know it'll almost certainly never make it off my desktop, let alone be seen by somebody who'd have the means to actually reject it with any kind of authority.

Atlanta is a show that constantly pushes the envelope with episodes unlike anything we've seen on television, and, as a spec script, this episode is largely a pastiche of a bunch of previous Atlanta episodes:

- The premise of the group going to a bar they mostly wouldn't expect to be comfortable in was the plot of Money Bag Shawty
- The part where Earn goes through the club trying to get a hold of the management was in The Club
- Al not being recognized as Paper Boi has been a joke in at *least* one episode

As the plot of this episode revolves around music (being set, as it is, in a karaoke bar), in a show that is already deeply renowned for its music,

## Darius's Song

The song that Darius sings is the most important song in the episode: it's the reason they go to the bar in the first place, it's the first time (to my memory) we've heard Darius sing at *all*

### Lifelight

(note: this idea is EXTREMELY dumb and I'm going to cut it next time I revisit this pitch, and replace it with Some Disney Song as a third option, which is true to the real events that inspired the story described here)

This is the theme song from Super Smash Bros. Ultimate, the one that plays when you start up the game for the first time. The primary reason I'm including it in this spec script is as a joke, because Atlanta is, after all, a comedy, comedy is about surprise, and this is the *absolute last* thing anybody would expect from a show known for taking people outside their comfort zone (one that would, appropriately enough, make them *incredibly uncomfortable*).

Beyond that, the song does touch on a *lot* of themes in its lyrics.

And, of course, because I've been playing a lot of SSBU lately, and the song's been stuck in my head. (If you ask me, a good spec script should be almost *overly* personal - not so much that it wouldn't work as an episode of the show, but enough that it shows what weird magic you could bring *to* that show that most of the rest of the world wouldn't.)

### Twinkle Twinkle Little Star

This speaks to the episode's themes pretty directly, and would also be a hilarious (almost *too blatant*) way of preserving the licensed-music budget for the episode.

How this would work is that Darius would pick it as his karaoke song, people would laugh, and he'd be so in his own head, singing it so boldly and sorrowfully that he gets too choked up to finish the last "how I wonder what you are", apologizing and putting the microphone back in the stand before sitting down.

I kind of get the impression that Lakeith Stanfield likes to act and likes to make people laugh, but doesn't like to sing, so this might be the direction that'd work best for that.

### The Race

The main reason I'm not suggesting this first is that it's not my idea: it's just something I picked up from [this New Yorker Interview with Donald Glover][Donald Glover Can't Save You], and it feels a little... teacher's-pet-y to trot it out in this context. (That said, I'd be remiss to not at least *mention* it, because it *did* speak to me.)

I also think it's a little too normal for Darius. It makes the big twist toward the end, that somebody saw something Darius saw, a little too obvious (though that might only be if, like me, your first experience with this song was reading what Donald Glover had to say about it).

On the other hand, for how close his character is supposed to be to the rap scene, the idea of seeing Darius actually *sing a rap song* seems to have been passed up over the course of the entire show, possibly along this same line of reasoning.

I can't remember a scene where we've actually seen him *rap*, so it might not be a bad idea to actually show that side of his character for once.

[Donald Glover Can't Save You]: https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2018/03/05/donald-glover-cant-save-you

## Van's Song

I've gone with Sisters Are Doin' It for Themselves

## Earn's Song

I'm not even going to pretend to know what Donald Glover would want to have his character sing, but since he doesn't actually end up singing it, I've just gone with a song I know from Rock Band here. It'd be a throwaway line, you can have fun with it.

## Closing Song

The closing music is based on a thing that I see happen pretty much every night at karaoke. It's funny, it's weird, and it speaks to the entire theme, that is kind of present all the way through the point where a white boy tries to write a spec script for Atlanta, of people taking too much from a painful and vulnerable expression of art and turning it into something, while still affirming and unifying, that doesn't seem to comprehend any of the pain or depth that went into making it.

---

VAN considers Earn's offer for a few seconds before deciding to take him up on it.

VAN
You're lucky I'm so miserable.

As VAN walks by him coming through the entryway, EARN turns and stops himself just short of replying back "I know".

---

VAN
Look, Earn, you want to be the guy I want to be with so bad, then just *be* that guy! Stop it with the big standoffs against asshole white folks, the high-stakes matches of table-tennis, all the big don't-choke throws like that, and just go like you *did* it already! You've always *been* the guy, you're just so obsessed with having to *become* him first that you're... never gonna... you're not...

VAN throws up her hands in sheer exasperation.

VAN
You *always* choke, Earn! And you have *no reason* to, just, it's like you keep thinking we're gonna like the you-that-chokes better than the one who won't fuck around, the hot one who can *get it*, and, just... I don't know.
(sighs)
I don't know what the fuck, man. I wish I did, I wish I could find another guy like you who didn't suck the way you do.

EARN
Sorry you can't... find a guy who... doesn't suck, so you keep coming back to me... the guy who sucks?

VAN
They suck *differently!*

EARN
Are we... is... okay, hang up, when you say "suck", are you talking a sex thing?

VAN
No! I mean, yeah, actually, the sex is a big part of it, but no, I'm talking about... agh. What I mean when I say that you suck...
(clenches her fists)
Being with you is like holding a goddamn tornado in a jar, and you twist, and you tug, and you pull at the lid of the jar, but the only thing strong enough to get that lid off would be a goddamn tornado, and the only tornado you've got is *the one in the fucking jar*.

EARN
(smirks)
So you're saying I can suck that pussy like a goddamn tornado.

VAN
No! You...

VAN laughs a strange, nervous, lonely, relieved, desparate laugh.

VAN
Sometimes, Earn, yeah. When you're good.
(she takes a quick look at the look on Earn's face, and most of her laughter falls away.)
Not tonight.

---

KJ
I need to make something very clear to you. There are *two* situations where it's cool to drop the microphone at the end of your piece: when you bought the mic yourself, or when you're never coming back.

That microphone cost five hundred dollars, which is *not* the kind of money I take home on tips

---

KJ
Well, okay then, as long as you know!

ALFRED
**Yes!**

The KJ walks away. Alfred reaches for his phone, remembers he doesn't have it again, then pounds his chest once instead.

---

EARN
(leans over to Al) I'm gonna go get the bouncer.

Al thinks back to Tracey, and the last time Earn tried to deal with a situation like this himself.

ALFRED
Mm.

EARN gets up, as VAN sees him go off and abandon her, once again, when things got too rough for her.

DARIUS looks at Van, and Al, and looks inward for a moment, then gets out of the booth himself, and steps up to the girls.

DARIUS
Excuse me, can I speak with y'all for a second?

BLONDE
Oh my god. What? What are you gonna do?

DARIUS
I've just... been thinking. There are things in this world that are beautiful, that are fragile, that need to be protected. And that, some people - *most* people - aren't strong enough to really give protection to others. But sometimes the most protection we can give is just... not to attack. And, sometimes, that's enough.
(beat)
Does that make sense to y'all?

BLONDE
It's just a balloon. It's just a joke, Jesus, calm down.

(beat)

DARIUS
I mean, I don't get it, but okay.
(He sits down.)
Probably one of those jokes that only dawns on you later, huh Al?

ALFRED
I'm this close to having to pay attention to y'all.

---

---

BOUNCER
I just want to talk with the two of you outside, can you come with me and we'll talk about this outside?

The two girls walk out with the bouncer, as DARIUS watches, still trying to work out how any of this was supposed to be a joke.

VAN
(as Earn holds her) Oh, *now* you show up!

EARN
Yeah, I was busy getting bar security, it was... like, almost impossible.

DARIUS smiles.

DARIUS
Ahhhh! *Now* I get it! (chuckles) Damn... *clever*.
(Earn and Val look at Darius)
Committed, too. Damn, Andy Kaufman got nothing on this shit.

VAN
Committed?

EARN
I guess. You want to get out of here? I'll walk you home. Al, want to come with us?

ALFRED
I ain't wanted to be here the last four hours.

VAN
(checking her phone) It's 10:45, we only got here around 8.

ALFRED
Mm-hmm.

---

ALFRED
Before we go, I wanna do one more thing. Can I do one more thing?

BOUNCER
You didn't do shit, man, you want you stay here all night.

ALFRED
Nah, I just got one quick thing I wanna do. Earn, Val, y'all can wait here a minute?

BOUNCER
Yeah, man, they're cool, go do your thing.
