# The Pots and Pantheons of Bellarianism

There are two Pantheons: the Pantheon of Saints and the Pantheon of Sinners (tentatively termed "the Problematic Pantheon" and "the Pussy Pantheon", irrespectively).

And then there's the Between Place, the Medium Place, home of the Lost Souls, Slackers, and Ordinary Fucking People

Now, you maybe wondering, what about the people you're *really* afraid of, the wicked, abusive men who will stop at nothing to ruin your life? It's okay, you have nothing to worry about. There's no such thing as men.

But is there a place for truly Bad People (like a certain Hitleresque character who died in the Fuhrerbunker in 1945 who shall not be named in my Holy Text)? How the Hell would I know? I don't really think they go anywhere: I think they just die, though they do live on for another generation in the form of horrible scars, which fade over time and turn into jokes.

Anyone who is still alive is allowed in the Pantheon, but only On Probation, because one should not make monuments to the living, for they can still disgrace the stone. (But they are crazy in Thuringen: they drink so much Lowenbrau that they lie.) (the link lede for this one should be "dogs like to sleep and fuck")

## Structrue

To recap the introduction above (mostly because I forgotten I'd already written it), the Bellarian Canonization of Beings is separated like this:

### The Pantheons

The exemplars of Bellarianism are separated into two overall groups. There's the good one (the Saints), and then there's the Sinners (the other good one).

### Saints/Sinners Second Class

Every person who was ever real can only ever hope to become a Saint or Sinner Second Class.

One does not have to be dead to be considered part of this canon: however, so long as their life is still ongoing, they can only be classified as a "Probationary Saint/Sinner Second Class", as they can still fuck up and do something that gets them kicked out of their respective Pantheon.

### Greater Saints and Sinners

All fictional Saints are by default Greater Saints, for being fictional.

This encompasses both the Lance and Lieutenant Saint classes from the Principia Discordia: Bellarianism does not grade madness, but does account for superpowers and followings.

### Lesser Gods and Devils

Fictional characters with superpowers beyond a plausible human being are regarded as Lesser Gods.

In orthodox Discordianism, this is comparable to the class of Brigadier Saint.

### The Purgatorium

This is where everybody who doesn't really fit into a Potheon or Pantheon is classified. If you want to recognize someone's lifelong struggle, torn between Thud and The Above, you can cast them as some kind of Virgil-esque Permanent Resident of The Medium Place (such as Mindy St. Claire, who is, ironically, not a saint).

Denizens of this rank are all fictional, even if they're real people, because the Bellarian point of view is that nobody's *really* conflicted like this, and any narrative that serves to muddy the waters between the two or some shit is just an excuse to make you feel better about Not Getting the Joke.

Choose a side, Chris.

### Demigods and Fuzzy Little Bastards

All pets are eligible for canonization under Bellarianism.

There is no probationary period for pets: we celebrate them in life as demigods who walk among us, contented and simultaneously Quixotic.

There is no Thuddite equivalent for bad pets: all dogs go to heaven, after all.

### The Potheons of Thud

Everyone who deeply, truly sucks, who makes the world less fun, who gets high praise from high society for preaching hatred and dismissiveness in the name of gravitas and "realism", goes in the Unholy Potheon.

The denizens of Thud don't get a cool title like Saints or Sinners. Their appelation only reflects the reality that they suck: they are known as the Great Suckers.

In the Potheons, the nature of Second-Class is reversed - no fictional character can illustrate the perils of Thud as deeply as real people.

There is also no probation from Thud, as those who make their landing in Thud are *already* dead inside. If you did something to land you in the Bellarian Canon of Thuddites within your lifetime, you can try to save your soul, but if you weren't so far gone that that seemed impossible, you wouldn't have ended up here.

The monstrous denizens of Thud are known by the symbolic term "White People". This term is [not meant to have any sort of racial implication][Great Satan], just as how many European religions have no racial animus behind their invocation of the strange and unfamiliar as a "darkness" that must be "cast out".

[Great Satan]: https://youtu.be/hRQkC2FDXuw?t=115

## The Classification Cheat Sheet

The following list describes how groups of people generally break down into classification and sub-canons.

- Saints (and Lesser Gods):
  - Prophets and Madmen
  - Martial artists
  - Detectives and Private Eyes of Providence
  - Puppets, Muppets, and Toons
- Sinners (and Lesser Devils):
  - Standup Comedians
  - Magicians
  - Supermodels who have not yet Lost their Minds
  - Anyone from New Jersey or Florida
  - Sane Scientists and Mad Engineers
  - Various other Supervillains
  - Catholics (under their doctrine of Original Sin, I believe they would make no argument)
  - Starfuckers and Starchildren
- Suckers:
  - Almost every elected politican in the history of democracy

## Subpages

- The Pantheon of Good y Two-Shoes:
  - [Saints Second Class][]
  - [Greater Saints][]
  - [Lesser Gods][]
- The Pantheon of Dirt and Pigpens:
  - [Sinners Second Class][]
  - [Greater Sinners][]
  - [Lesser Devils][]
- A joint venture between the two:
  - [Your Pet Here][]
- The Potheon(s?):
  - [Suckers Second Class][]
  - [Greater Suckers][]
  - [The Dark Ruler of Thud][Kissinger]

[Saints Second Class]: 3bfd0d4a-9f79-415f-91e9-54afd6a696cb.md
[Greater Saints]: 292a6af8-0cd1-4b08-87d1-4df69b16819f.md
[Lesser Gods]: 51c82f25-a449-4c5f-8ed8-f5ddd5e8151f.md
[Sinners Second Class]: 9477699c-c9c3-46b4-93d8-2ddc99ebfbe4.md
[Greater Sinners]: a36a0690-be51-43aa-95fb-333f373375a0.md
[Lesser Devils]: 89c8e0a5-4810-4ddb-8a8b-0a438f3e0822.md
[Your Pet Here]: d1cd4d45-40db-44a4-8cd7-6f4b95e4ce07.md
[Suckers Second Class]: 357ba02d-d9a3-4222-9839-2eacde03001f.md
[Greater Suckers]: dcd2149b-b80d-45a1-81ba-8148b4786d10.md
[Kissinger]: 0673f5b7-acc7-4399-9b4a-5d221e4d9a15.md
