# Bellarian Virtues

Like the Lady of Log before me, I bring here a Change Log of the reforms my personal Schism makes from Discordianism. I still personally identify as a Discordian, but, you know, Jesus was Jewish. From what I hear, I think that was kind of part of his whole point, why he was called King of the Jews and all. (Huge shout out here to the Jews for Jesus. Fuck the haters, who, if it's any consolation, will burn in Hell until the day they die.)

Being Funny is the principal Bellarian virtue, though it is not sufficient in a vacuum. Being Funny is how you avoid people who find you threatening from wanting to kill you, or at least from being able to round up the mob they'd need to be able to do it.

Investigation, Inquisition, or Seeking to Understand, is the next most important Bellarian principle. We wre all privately investigators, hence why so many of us wear fedoras. It's the understanding that you can't just come up with your own little pet theory in your head: if you want to be *truly* funny, you have to dig deeper, and deeper, and find the unbelievable truths beneath the surface. If what you're saying is easily believable, if you don't sound crazy when you try to sum it up for someone, it probably isn't true, because it's only lies that bear the great Aneristic curse of having to make sense. (The opposite of Jokes are Lies, and all Lies are part of the Greater Cosmic Lie, which is that there is a greater order to the universe.)

You can't just bullshit and act like you're laughing along with everybody else when you're not sure you get all the jokes the teller is telling you.

After Investigation, the second big important virtue in Bellarianism is Reporting, also known as Explanation, or Seeking to Be Understood, more than your classical Malaclypse-style Illuminatus-tradition Discordianism. The Bellarian symbol is the hyperlink (maybe a pointer hand with the Bell logo on it, and of course golden nails).

Because Understanding is how you discover the magic, how you practice and refine it.

Chaos has a different significance in Bellarianism than Discordianism. M2/OKR did a lot of play-fighting stuff which was cool and all, but the Bellarian philosophy is more that, summoned or not, the Chaos will come. If you're not encountering enough chaos in your design, you're just not trying hard enough. Don't force Chaos: just have a plan in place so that there's room for it. (You know, like what Mormon teachers say at dances whenever the kids get less than a foot apart: "Leave room for Jesus.")

Summoned or not, kallisti will come?

Editing is another Bellarian virtue. Eventualism and a lot of Wikipedian philosophy makes its way into Bellarian rituals: recognizing that everything is a work in progress, and that you can always go back and fix what you can. Nothing is stable, everything is falling apart.

Flubbing is another huge Bellarian virtue. You gotta be cool with people Not Getting the Joke (unless they're not being cool about it, like, if they're dismissing you, and you need them to not). By the same token, you gotta be cool Not Getting It yourself. Realizing that you will only ever Get an infinitesimal sliver of the Great Cosmic Joke is the first step to getting the entire Joke - having the faith that, even the Jokes you don't get, if you ask someone to explain it and they make a good show of trying, it is truly Funny.

Misfit Toys

Overt Theft (Show Your Work, Fire and Report, Receiving Gifts, Stealing Intellectual Property with Attribution) is a major virtue in Bellarianism. The world is yours. If anybody else made the joke, you made the joke, too, you just heard it from them first. Don't take anything without having your own deep understanding, like, if you couldn't do an hour-long improv on what it means to you, don't take it. And always list/link where it comes from as best as you can.
