# kinda thinking about becoming a freemason

written/posted some time mid January 2019 (clock on the wall says January 16)

> $ ddate
>
> Today is Sweetmorn, the 16th day of Chaos in the YOLD 3185

man, good thing the version of Ubuntu that ships with Cloud9 comes with ddate

Also, ngl the seasons of the Discordian calendar make WAY more sense to me than the Gregorian one

So, anyway, yeah, Chaos

## aside about openness

Apropos of absolutely nothing, [this page][Nothing to Hide] just came up when I was trying to pop open notes.stuartpb.com to make it easier to click around and find the UUIDs of pages I wanted to edit

It sounds like some gross Bitcoiner shit from 2016, not quite sure why it's in my omnibar suggestions (it wasn't under that domain when it popped up), and it's kind of just a warmed-over half-baked version of the Cluetrain manifesto, but yeah, probably worth putting somehere in these notes at some point

## anyway, the Freemasons

so yeah anyway

I've been reading The Illuminoids, because I think it was recommended early in the Historia Discordia, and I'm only like fifteen pages in but it's *awesome*. And the one thing that's been on my mind is, like, so anyway, Lodge 49

Like, I've been thinking it'd be cool to totally jjust make the Fraternal Order of the Lynx a real thing, and it'd just be this whole Discordian club thing? Like, I guess when I was thinking about all this I'd forgotten the Discordian Society was kind of a freaking thing, but, like, yeah, anyway...

so, yeah, anyway, the Masons. I'm reading the Illuminoids, and then I'm like, "shit, man, why make a real version of this TV's show's fake version of the Masons when I could just join the actual Masons?"

and then I do a Google and land on https://freemason-wa.org/freemasons/membership/how-to-become-a-freemason/ and, oh, right, they're all gender-exclusive, and it's this whole thing where you're not allowed to rub anybody the wrong way, and, maaaan I just got out of that crap with the fuckin' DSA, man.

And then I get to the YouTube video at the bottom of the page, and I think I clock pretty quick what these fuckin' Freemason types are, they're, like, all the kinda fuckin' dudes you see on the panel on Forged in Fire, nice guys and all but, like, none of them are the type to make a scene, and, like, man, that ain't me.

So, like, I'll probably hang out with these dudes at their public events, but, yeah, I don't think I'm gonna join the Masons. (Fuckin' No Homers Club.)

Like, yeah, that's fascist culty bullshit for kids who are afraid of actual cults and fascism, but still want to feel vaguely unwelcome within their own society. Nah, man.

But now, yeah, man, I want to do that Lynx lodge thing again. Like the Masons, but openly kooky and no identity bullshit (though I do like that they have a mandate on living within a moral code).

Like, the whole "memorizing rituals and a test" thing, ew, what is this, middle school? I just want something where you just have to be *into it*, that's the requirement, if you show up and you come off like you just memorized the words we told you you'd have to say like a long-ass password, dude, *fuck* that.

So yeah: Discordian Society of the Lynx. Let's make that shit happen.

Right after I'm done packing up these crypto-fascist twerps in the DSA and planning [this fucking wedding][].

[Nothing to Hide]: https://decentralize.today/i-have-nothing-to-hide-10059deda355
[this fucking wedding]: 9f59035c-ecf8-4377-8243-628d212f97a3.md
