# Rimraf

So, basically, this is me thinking "hey, what if I wrote something", and then I thought of the first lines that came to mind, and it was somebody sitting at a computer terminal, suddenly realized that they just bricked something they really shouldn't have, and frantically trying to undo it.

From that, I started thinking "okay, but that's one scene, what if I tried to write a book, what would the rest of that book like?" and then the thought was "Well, it'd be about that guy trying to undo his fuck-up, but realizing that it's harder to undo, due to a bunch of other stuff having been a fragile mess that was just barely hanging on before everything broke."

And then it was like, "What in the world could break hard enough to cause something like that?" and the one immediate answer that came to mind was "Breaking the DNS root servers", and from there the questions all kind of fell into place.

It's also an excuse for me to put a bunch of the computer-history trivia I know to good use by putting it into some cyberpunk nerds' mouths.

## CHAPTER 0: IT HAS BEEN

Rog slouched in his chair, reading and re-reading the files open on his screen.

He slid his thumb left across his spacebar and idly alt-tabbed over to the command console he'd been running tests from.

He tapped the up arrow a few times, going back through his recently-entered commands, to set up the test environment, to compile and run the tests, and to send his work out to the production machines for approval.

He went through the motions to run a test with his latest changes.

## CHAPTER 1: ZERO DAYS

Rog froze just as his ring finger released the Enter key. *Wait, fuck.*

He heard the case fan whirr to life, all sixteen cores of his workstation going hot and fully loaded. *Fuck.*

He froze and checked the first few lines of his latest change:

```
require('volkswagen')
```

*Oh, __fuck.__*

Rog switched back to the command line he had open.

```
Propagating changes...
```

// the change propagates really quick out of the room and start going to the next wave of servers

Rog looked over to the poster on the wall of a pockmarked, toothless junkie, holding a sign reading "`rm -rf /`: not even once."

// Rog hops into the CI server and reads the scrollback of which domains are getting their info spread in the system

*I guess I was able to get to the CI server just fine. Maybe I'm overreacting. Maybe it's not so bad.*

// rog calls some external ops department and they lecture him on CI and how there are things that prevent this sort of problem he's telling them are imminent, they tell him if he had any sense that he'd hang up

// the call goes dead, Rog looks and the domain for the company that makes the phone was just propagated in the logs

*Well, so much for it being not that bad.*

// Rog gets the idea to pull out his Xintendo Switch or whatever and reaches out to a girl he Twitter-knows in China in Xplatoon or whatever

> So hey, I just fucked up and you should probably take your DNS receivers offline for a bit if you want to avoid a major disruption

>

> I accidentally a TLD

> lol
> which one

> com

> Wait what
> literally the COM top-level domain?
> You mean every domain on the Internet ending in .com is about to die
> Because of something you somehow did

> year
> s/year/yeah/

> uh wow ok

## CHAPTER 2: SINCE LAST ACCIDENT

Rog picked up the framed picture of Ken Thompson sitting on his desk.

// blah blah blah explaining Unix and `rm -rf /` here

Rog turned at the front doors, and shouted back to Tom: "Will you let me know

Tom: "You want to know how we're doing cleaning up your mess, you can read it on Cnet. Or I guess you'd call it 64.30.228.118, now." // this would work better with a news site with ".com" in the name

Rog: "Is that actually Cnet's IP address?" Tom: "How the fuck would I know? It's not like I can look it up. That's how badly you broke this shit."
