# Timebag "Show Bible"

This is the pitch / kit for a show I'm calling "Timebag" for now, about a leather bag that contains a bunch of artifacts that allow the bearer to manipulate time in different ways, by different rules.

That's what I *originally* wrote, at least, but looking at it now, I think this'd probably be better suited to a Machine-of-Death or [The Thackery T. Lambshead Pocket Guide to Eccentric & Discredited Diseases][TTLPGEDD] style anthology, I don't know.

[TTLPGEDD]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Thackery_T._Lambshead_Pocket_Guide_to_Eccentric_%26_Discredited_Diseases

## Outline

So, there's this Bag, and it's full of different little Time-Turners and things like that that have certain rules about time travel (like how you're always living in the same world as the Time Truner was used, in Harry Potter, you just haven't seen *how* it was used yet).

The thing is, these objects work on *different principles*, and the shortcomings of one can be used to counteract the problems of another.

For example, in our Time-Turner example there might be *another* object in the bag (like, say, an Elvish hat) that lets you put your arm through the catflap of a house halfway across the world three centuries ago, to leave notes for a Georgian monk who believed the hole to be a portal to God. This could be used, if you realized that you needed something in one of your time-turner travels, to set a trap - but the author would need to figure out how the use of the time-turner impacts the time flow of the hat.

## Themes

The purpose of this premise is, at one level, to be a clearinghouse for time-travel ideas. However, all time-travel stories are meant to explore greater themes, such as "what if?" or "why not?"

I've thought about having a podcast *just about* fictional portrayals of time travel (with the repeating refrain "TIME TRAVEL IS NOT REAL" - the title of the show might be "No Such Thing As Time Travel") - might be a spinoff of Stuart Explains the Joke, if that one ever materializes.

I could go on and on and on here, but the function of this framing device is to allow me to make my comments through *stories*, instead of having a blank page where I might have to explain these ideas *straight*.

## Style

(this is stuff that applies more to visual media incarnations of these stories if that ever happens)

### The Bag

The bag is a plain-looking leather purse / satchel, about the size of a tote bag, with clasps and contents that wouldn't look out of place any time between 1450 and 1950. These are the bag's "home years"; it can be used outside of these eras, but it may look somewhat weird.

### Time Travel

The special effects applied for any time travel should be minimal-to-nonexistent; no sound effects, no visual flare. When time runs backwards, there's no blur, glow, or "tape effect"; it's just the same visuals and sounds, in reverse. When a holder jumps, they just *pop* from the time they're in to the other, with the same smoothness of transition as throwing a lightswitch.

This both helps keep budget low, and makes the different mechanisms less awkward to integrate together (eg. you don't have to figure out how a glowing aura would interact with a fading object).

## Rules

### Fungibility

**The Bag is immortal.** Any wear-and-tear on the bag, at the cellular level, is "healed" imperceptibly, from the energy around it that'd be written off as a rounding error to any available instrumentation.

Any damage to the bag that would require *more* than a trace amount of energy to reverse triggers the bag's protection mechanism, where time reverses until the bag is safe with its holder (who watches this time as if it were going forwards).

"Safe" is defined as the first point where the holder can easily protect the bag.

Holders are similarly immortal - like the bag, their protection applies as soon as they would be detectably harmed (minus a few cuts and dings, perhaps), and rewinds to the first point where they wouldn't be.

### Appearance

The Bag isn't a TARDIS; it has fixed dimensions (inside and out), and doesn't change shape to match its era (of course, on that front, neither does the TARDIS).

The Bag should also not be re-interpreted; there's one bag, and it's the same bag every time. If multiple props are used across multiple seasons, care should be taken that the props match previous incarnations to a close watcher as best as possible. (This may mean making a *more advanced* version of the prop than the original, to preserve the *look* of the original on older capture technilogy: ie. *New Voyages* remaking the bridge of the TOS Enterprise in greater detail than the original set's paint job for high-definition digital filming).

## Inspiration

As someone on the new Doctor Who (I'm not checking right now) said about the TNG episode "Darmok", as Talking Heads did for their song "The Overload", as how Ken Kesey never watched the film of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, I've never seen an episode of Doctor Who, and I don't intend to start, so that it may remain a perfect amorphous cloud of possibilities in my head - and because there's no way to watch it from the very beginning.

That said, I am familiar with the show, and it's definitely the closest comparison to this. The biggest difference is that there's nothing supernatural or extraterrestrial in Timebag, apart from the bag itself; all the interesting bits have to come from the characters, and what they do with the bag.

Also, the *weird as fuck* Bill and Ted's Bogus Journey, especially the ending, was a particularly strong influence, with how much it decided to just have things changing by *describing elaborate time travel mechanisms instead of showing them*.

## Holders

There is no "first holder": the bag is implied to exist in a stable time loop, though the ends of this loop are, due to the nature of the bag, lost in time (we may see different people give the same person the bag, or the same person give different people the bag).

Multiple people can be designated as holders of the bag at once, but they are bound together in a similar fashion as the bag is bound to a holder.

### Transferring The Bag

One item that is always present in the bag is a small perfume spritzer; spraying this on a person designates them as the next holder of the bag, should they choose to accept it.

The current holder is expected to make this choice carefully, and to explain the rules and operation of the bag and its content for the next holder, in whatever detail they wish.

## Deep Lore

This is the list of "answers" for perpetually-unanswered questions in the show. They'll never be answered *in* the show, because the answers exist outside of time, and as such are fundamentally imperceptible by the characters. (Also, it's dull, and focusing on this deep-lore makes your story dull.)

### Who made the bag?

The Devil. The Devil here is not to be construed as "evil", but merely an intelligent force that keeps the Universe complicated - the Devil is why there is something, instead of nothing; why there is The Bag, instead of no bag.

(Now, the existence of a Devil implies the existence of a God - an omnipotent, omnipresent, and possibly omnevolent force dictating all of existence; this force is, of course, the story's author.)

(NOTE: this is an old draft - today I would characterize this "Devil" as "Eris", but, you know, same difference)

### Why aren't the contents of the bag fixed?

After a holder dies (after passing the bag on to relinquish their holder status), they (their consciousness, spirit, whatever you want to call it - I sort of picture them at a table, in their most iconic clothes, in an empty white void, talking to The Devil like Morpheus in the construct in the Matrix) get to pick one change to the contents of the bag, either tweaking an item's effects or replacing (or adding or merging) one. (They can't change the core items, like the perfume bottle.)

## Canonicity

As Pablo Picasso said, "Even Picasso can paint a fake Picasso."

Anybody can define canon any way they see fit; I personally intend to see it as only works that follow the rules laid out in this showbible, and will only give meaningful help to scripts holding within its parameters (ie, if you want help with a script that hinges on the bag being destroyed, my only contribution is going to be say "call me when the bag is immortal").
