# More Songs About Movies And the Holocaust

Subtext like it's a joke joke, but the punchline is that this movie is Schindler's List

"The first few times around, I thought it was about something else, but the third time through, I realized that it was about fighting Nazis.

"What? Huh? Why this joke?" Well, because I'm fucking tired of comics explaining the subtext of the movie and acting like it's their clever idea. "I just watched Get Out, and I had this brainwave: it's about *racism*!" No, it's about people who have no fucking brains trying to steal bits from people who have all the talent. But, yeah, in that way, no shit IT'S ABOUT RACISM! Because that's what racism fucking is. But, you know, whatever, go to college and learn that shit. I didn't! I only learned this shit by following people who did! Because they tweet about it CONSTANTLY, because when you've been crushed by like a hundred thousand dollars of student debt, you want to show off the fucking Wikipedia article's worth of shit you retained. And I've only got time to do one set

Like, I've been thinking about it lately - I've been thinking about *marriage* a lot lately - and I've come to realize that Bride of Frankenstein is probably the most ahead of its time movie in American film history. Sincerely! I'm not exactly ahead of the curve on this one, like, AFI can't put out a Greatest X in Movies list without including Bride of Frankenstein, the *cheap sequel to an adapted screenplay*. Like, there's two kinds of movie like that: ones that the *writer* want to make, and ones that pay.

See, here's the thing about people. (fix the ordering later, this is the nazi tolerance segue)

And that's the thing about genocides like the Holocaust to me. You know all that shit in your life that you've never heard a single other soul talk about, and you're not sure if they're thinking it too and are just too scared people won't understand, or if they've actually never thought about it? And you're dying to say it? Every single victim of the Holocaust was dying to say it, too, except they didn't die to say it, they just died. Died because some fucking people could deal with the mere thought of some other kind of people just *existing somewhere and not bothering them*.

See, that's the thing, that's the thing! (maybe go on tangent about Bojack I sent to Tiare here) Nazis go "oh, *I'm* intolerant? Well, maybe *you're* intolerant! Of *Nazis!*" Oh man, there was this thing...

See, I've got the perfect fucking mix of traits that make a supervillain. Rich parents, bullied a lot as a kid, not a lot of friends, denied the social privilege that everybody around me gets and uses to be awful. Lots of experiences with abusive people who influenced the way I think and talk. I'm made of monster parts. I'm basically Frankenstein. (Frankenstein's Monster!) No, *the Creature*, actually, I've got a note on this somewhere in barfspace so I can cut here

But I've got love. Due to some goddamn fucking miracle - ah, fuck I know what the miracle was, it was technology and the Internet, but I want that to be a reveal later in the act, that progress is *legitimately progressive*, and we don't need to keep throwing the world away because it's a misfit toy.

Okay, so, spoiler, I masterminded the Holocaust. Not, like, you know, the original one. But, well, a little mini-Holocaust, or at least a little mini version of the first hour of Schindler's List. I went to a private school, and I wasn't well liked, and I came up with the idea of invading Poland. Basically. It was recess. I realized that they said they couldn't come to our part of the field, but *we* could come to *their* part of the field. And, at first, I had a couple kids I liked on the other side - one of my best friends, I think my *only* best friend actually was there - and I was like, "that means we can go play with them!"

And then I remembered that I also had some kids on that side of the field that I *didn't* like. And that we could do shit with, like, taking their stuff, and putting it on our side of the field, and this time there'd be *nothing they could do about it*, and so I was like "shit, for the first time in my life, I've got all the power! I've got the majority privilege, and I'm being as mean to other kids as they've been to me! And these kids *respect* that!" Oh, by the way, guess how many Jewish kids were in our class? *One.* And we made *fun of her* for it. "Hey, what day is Christmas?" And she *couldn't fucking say*, because she *had not fucking learned it*. I *still* don't know what span of days Hanukkah goes through. I couldn't tell you what day Ramadan is.

They taught us this was about the plight of the Indigenous peoples of America. and, like, yeah, but the World War 2 stuff was more recent, and better documented. But, yeah, you want something that'll keep you up at night? I'm not talking about the massacre of Native Americans in my act, and *those* are the reasons. Without looking it up, I'm pretty sure the Trail of Tears was worse. It was certainly a hell of a lot longer.

But I know more about the Holocaust, and I have a way to make it about me! You know, tribalism makes it so we refuse to accept any kind of outside speaker for the dead, so, you know, if the mere fact that I'm talking about the Holocaust without being Jewish offends you, then, well, fuck you, because you are the reason the Holocaust keeps fucking happening. Everybody who could have talked about it authoritatively dies, and then you can't just listen to observational comics about it, because "YOU DON'T KNOW! YOU WEREN'T THERE!" Well, yeah, no shit, if I *were* there, I wouldn't be telling it to you, because *I'd be fucking dead*.

I don't think Christ did survive, that's the thing I'm trying to say. His words were not immortal, not on the scale we pretend they were. Some folks get it, but they're in the vast minority. Most folks just go "oh, what a sad story! Oh wow, *everybody* knows how sad this story is! Time to make a million fucking dollars telling people how sad it was! And maybe if I play about how happy this sadness made me, without really explaining why, people will be terrified enough to give me money, because that shit is *power*." And, don't get me wrong, surviving is power.