# My Canon

I like my bible, which contains deeply spiritual, clever jokes, a bit of enlightening wisdom, and *so* much fucking swearing

This page needs to be merged with the one that listed the influences on The Unconvincing Truth

## Movies

The Room is a *very* holy movie, *especially* with the way Tommy handled it after people started laughing.

Similarly, Rocky Horror is canon.

The Producers, both versions, are canonical, because the actors of both versions are too good to cut out, and the original is the only one with the character of LSD, who is admittedly dated to anybody whose religion didn't start in the Sixties, and the musical made the right call in cutting his character and changing the gag with why Springtime for Hitler is a success

Most of Mel Brooks' movies are in the canon, actually. And Mel Brooks is a Probationary Sinner Second Class

Mystery Men! One of the most Discordian films ever made. Especially the character of the Sphinx, whose true superpower, as he trains *each of the heroes* in (...*maybe* not the Spleen), is *being mysterious*. And what I mean by that is that he trains them all in gags that are a lot funnier, because they're a lot less obvious, and in making them even more underestimable, liberates them:

- The Shoveler learns to use *other shovels*, ones that we weren't aware he had (it's a shame the movie doesn't get into the significance of his shovel, which belonged to King Arthur and is known as the Singing Shovel).
- The Blue Rajah learns to stop focusing on hitting people with the grace of his movements, and focus on hitting them with his *forks*. (And like, the second the Sphinx tells him to "hide his power" using the shawl, we see *right away* that he's actually *really good already*! Sphinx is probably teaching him to perform more like the way he practices, the way the Rajah knows he can throw and probably imagines he comes off in combat, when he adds something completely irrelevant because he thinks it's necessary.)
- Invisible Boy was already pretty damn mysterious, but he basically just learns to appreciate that he *is* mysterious, and not crazy. His unbelievable feelings were true, and his superpower works exactly the way he'd been telling everybody. (Man, I think I cried the first time I saw that scene.)
- The Bowler... finally reconciles with her father! Like, that's a *startlingly* literal metaphor: she's okay admitting how much her father's work carries her, and she's okay letting her father get his own revenge and move of his own volition (something it isn't clear he could do before this scene, where he outright floats in mid-air) instead of throwing him around and swearing that it's her job to get revenge for him - and that her job should be to be mysterious, as a distraction.
- The Spleen... well, he becomes "silent but deadly". (And foreshadows the theme of mystery that we then see play out with every other hero.) He... finds love, with a skunk? After thinking he was unloveable, and Invisible Boy tells him that he should stop being afraid and "just go with it"? (Like I said, this movie is, like, *perfectly* Discordian.)
- And Mister Furious finally learns to master his rage, rather than letting his rage be his master - not *suppressing* it, but *embodying* it, being overwhelmed *with* it instead of being overwhelmed *by* it. Roy learns that he doesn't have to lose himself to harness his superpower - he just needs to *lose his superpower*, his boundless rage, letting himself feel other things ("My name's Roy, and I am in a super amount of pain right now...").

Also, it's beautiful, because its whole point is "oddballs are best when you train them to be better oddballs", and Roy almost misses out on it because he thinks it's a distraction.

And hence why the movie is fucking called Mystery Men, come on, oh my GODDESS how am I just putting this theme together?

Flaming Carrot is one of those higher-caste fictional saints that I haven't learned the ranks of yet.

Coco

Stop Making Sense

Dr. Strangelove

Groundhog Day (as remakes go, Edge of Tomorrow is a *good* movie - even arguably better than the original - but it's too neat, too Aneristic, not open-endedly canon the way Groundhog Day is)

Moneyball (honestly, an embarassing amount of Aaron Sorkin's stuff is canon)

A Kid in King Arthur's Court

the Richie Rich movie from the Nineties was good, and had a great gag about secret messages in Latin, but I haven't watched it recently enough to know if it's canon (I remember it being about as good as A Series of Unfortunate Events, but then, I was like seven, I would have thought Reagan was cool)

the Back to the Future trilogy (because, come on, I wore a hat advertising a fansite for it for like six years, it *has* to be), more the first one than the subsequent pair o' Docs

the original Star Wars Trilogy (what, you think I'm too cool to admit I've seen Star Wars?)

Resurrect Dead

## TV Shows

Mystery Science Theater 3000

Black Mirror (and Bandersnatch)

The Good Place

Freakazoid!

Arrested Development (including the Netflix seasons)

On questions on canonicity of various episodes of The Simpsons, I defer to the scholarship of the [Dead Homer Society][DHS] (with the caveat that I think they're wrong about the masterpiece that gave us "THRILLHO" being One Bad Episode).

[DHS]: https://deadhomersociety.com/manifesto/

Baccano! is like the most Discordian anime in history

## Hymns

- Tubthumping
- Party Hard
- The Weird Al Show Theme
- Everything You Know is Wrong
- Band on the Run (especially the album art, everybody on which is a Saint Second Class or Probationary Saint Second Class)
- Baba O'Riley

### Hymns Specifically by Pink Floyd

- Wish You Were Here
- Shine On you Crazy Diamond
- Comfortably Numb

### Hymns of the Working Man

- You've Got to Do It (by Fred Rogers)
- Hardware Store (by "Weird" Al Yankovic)

## Albums

Yeah, it's all Pink Floyd, what of it? Fuck you.

- Dark Side of the Moon
- The Wall
- The Division Bell is probably canon, I haven't listened to it

## Sermons

- Alice's Restaurant Massacree
- Stephen Fry's argument after Christopher Hitchens on why the Catholic Church is not a force for good
- Fred Rogers' speech to John Pastore

## Games

- Spacewar (the First Game)
- The Stanley Parable
- The Penis Game (which is just when you're in a horrible oppressive place like church or school and see who can yell "PENIS" in the loudest voice without getting in trouble)
- The Game (the one you start playing when you are told about The Game, and you lose whenever you think about The Game, like right now)

## Webcomics

- XKCD
- Achewood
- A Softer World
- Dinosaur Comics
- MS Paint Adventures (I mean, sorry, but it has to be)

## Books and Graphic Novels

- [Three Men in a Boat][] (to say nothing of the Dog!)
  - To give you an idea of how genius this fucking book is, it's *well* over a hundred years old, I read it somewhere around 2002, and I'm *still* not convinced it wasn't written in at *least* the nineteen-fifties. Like Lemony, it reads like a parody of Charles Dickens, and, man, the dude who wrote it *was not even trying*.
  - Fuck Finnegans Wake, *this* motherfucker is the great English novel.
- This Book Will Change Your Life (and it did!)
- Understanding Comics
- All-Star Superman
- V for Vendetta (most of Alan Moore's stuff is good, but it's a little too dark to make it into the Bellarian canon: V is all right, though)
- Sandman is **not** canon. Last time I checked, Neil Gaiman is too pretentious to be a Bellarian, though that was during my Dark Time, in which not only did I not Get the Joke, but I Thought I Got It, so it's entirely possible I misjudged him. Also, I judge works based on their endings, and I got kicked off the couch I was crashing on before I got to the end of the series.
- Bone
- Scud the Disposable Assassin
- the entire Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes Bomb Manual is canon - the more coffee you spill on it, the more canonical it gets, like in one of the best gags of Schindler's List.
- A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court (not that I've read it)

[Three Men in a Boat]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three_Men_in_a_Boat

## Podcasts and Radio

- The Unbelievable Truth

## Sketches

- [The Treaty of Westphalia][]

[The Treaty of Westphalia]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-WO73Dh7rY

## Websites, Ebooks, Articles, and Textfiles

The Jargon File is **foundationally** Discordian, possibly even more than the Principia. Eric S. Raymond's version is the most easily understood, but not necessarily the canonical copy.

The Cluetrain Manifesto

[SPACEWAR: Fanatic Life and Symbolic Death Among the Computer Bums, by Stewart Brand](http://stuartpb.github.io/spacewar-article/spacewar.html) is so canonical, I made my own transcription of it.

The canonicity of The Anarchist's Cookbook is still under debate. Top Bellarian scholars are still unsure whether or not to recognize its authority.

That one letter that guy sent Senator John Kerry that ends, at least in [the Something Awful reading](https://www.somethingawful.com/flash-tub/letter-from-internet-3/), "I would love to get in Star Trek battles". Have we not all reached out to an unexpected savior at times in our lives with a great, outlandish plea? (If not, you might want to consider trying Religion, it makes life a lot more fun. Have you maybe heard about Discordianism?)
